msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1093694304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1187959504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1187959504 originConf 1093694304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337095886 that extends conf 1187959504 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168653672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137270393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 137270393 originConf 1168653672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216412299 that extends conf 137270393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748884475 that extends conf 1216412299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761556800 that extends conf 137270393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 975024729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1593049985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1593049985 originConf 975024729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766775261 that extends conf 1593049985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478624625 that extends conf 1766775261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323304548 that extends conf 1593049985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319425077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777232786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 777232786 originConf 1319425077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832717572 that extends conf 777232786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442260653 that extends conf 1832717572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449040943 that extends conf 777232786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 654958406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1134351513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1134351513 originConf 654958406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867376925 that extends conf 1134351513 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347168602 that extends conf 1867376925 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607050643 that extends conf 1134351513 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 241728167 that extends conf 1607050643 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 737145906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 644427563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 644427563 originConf 737145906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911850839 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130554667 that extends conf 1911850839 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108303953 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395614584 that extends conf 1108303953 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554186492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1536362969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1536362969 originConf 1554186492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474499745 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593797853 that extends conf 1474499745 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948298611 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303944623 that extends conf 1948298611 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 160627945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 634525829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 634525829 originConf 160627945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390670159 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323166592 that extends conf 390670159 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807517751 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068205457 that extends conf 1807517751 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1134351513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1958136820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1958136820 originConf 1134351513
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1134351513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 572944694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 572944694 originConf 1134351513
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718819727 that extends conf 1134351513 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452747455 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070820905 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073881382 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122408924 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194527846 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829828910 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466328802 that extends conf 1134351513 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1134351513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 994863178
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 994863178 originConf 1134351513
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testAddToSerialPeer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617290016 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83250048 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 314630187 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988329200 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1170623391 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959438609 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762206631 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218644545 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758146671 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879316007 that extends conf 1134351513 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748412231 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905154827 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647410736 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613896834 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650351779 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925527190 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022849532 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196709220 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768604931 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832094435 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 946584680 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536953765 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993798392 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478650193 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912892694 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960610976 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279210305 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918914711 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443272583 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903049806 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469591057 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052671334 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942446299 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178072788 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131576031 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467090459 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557999254 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803157840 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735214302 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538796093 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724963345 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090952915 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249693726 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287316641 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536831447 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167919643 that extends conf 644427563 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813625412 that extends conf 634525829 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109973107 that extends conf 1536362969 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testAddToSerialPeer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testAddToSerialPeer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
