msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1179115450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912279239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1912279239 originConf 1179115450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501264951 that extends conf 1912279239 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 240229199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2075762775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2075762775 originConf 240229199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998054459 that extends conf 2075762775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127256782 that extends conf 1998054459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001963000 that extends conf 2075762775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 315775458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2070183480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 2070183480 originConf 315775458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067866818 that extends conf 2070183480 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255544728 that extends conf 1067866818 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233664570 that extends conf 2070183480 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9456399 that extends conf 233664570 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1929401022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 985871975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 985871975 originConf 1929401022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649291804 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165236609 that extends conf 1649291804 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375872255 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057228770 that extends conf 1375872255 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070183480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846801023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1846801023 originConf 2070183480
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070183480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1891998106
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1891998106 originConf 2070183480
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446842267 that extends conf 2070183480 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638498481 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397071544 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130399821 that extends conf 2070183480 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070183480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299929062
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1299929062 originConf 2070183480
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testParallelReplicate
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350281052 that extends conf 2070183480 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316998714 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671662378 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703562913 that extends conf 1316998714 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737396096 that extends conf 1671662378 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695417483 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374809361 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38348406 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520484707 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924601629 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835516943 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483443617 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947391061 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858579246 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533102149 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707432882 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727707360 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549483191 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1026634248 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838688395 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588520244 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095639558 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631824276 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608347711 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751987900 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955072043 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671130444 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394127432 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355396681 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830509080 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728172780 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730325747 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652198205 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516831576 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875582192 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testParallelReplicate
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testParallelReplicate
msx-listener succeed
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622481658 that extends conf 985871975 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
