msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 572402215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 610821393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 610821393 originConf 572402215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221271425 that extends conf 610821393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 131686931 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402645664
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 402645664 originConf 131686931
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557431621 that extends conf 402645664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240254794 that extends conf 557431621 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964142664 that extends conf 402645664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515410827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47438197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47438197 originConf 515410827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977440050 that extends conf 47438197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835813352 that extends conf 977440050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810314090 that extends conf 47438197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1167371492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1272337473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1272337473 originConf 1167371492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869526542 that extends conf 1272337473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634704311 that extends conf 869526542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913687248 that extends conf 1272337473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1730540795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201396950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 201396950 originConf 1730540795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505671773 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139845537 that extends conf 1505671773 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435886117 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622051347 that extends conf 435886117 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1542742130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 41504344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 41504344 originConf 1542742130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553200767 that extends conf 41504344 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364742562 that extends conf 1553200767 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574896859 that extends conf 41504344 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507257105 that extends conf 1574896859 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643268283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122124595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 122124595 originConf 1643268283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387895564 that extends conf 122124595 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386016350 that extends conf 387895564 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285346160 that extends conf 122124595 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926785203 that extends conf 1285346160 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2051088276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 744256699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 744256699 originConf 2051088276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602791589 that extends conf 744256699 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022084812 that extends conf 602791589 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717037054 that extends conf 744256699 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562478698 that extends conf 717037054 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 201396950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951145823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1951145823 originConf 201396950
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 201396950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527958221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 527958221 originConf 201396950
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629998144 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332510297 that extends conf 41504344 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012667400 that extends conf 744256699 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294532540 that extends conf 122124595 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701712652 that extends conf 41504344 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352603430 that extends conf 744256699 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325629554 that extends conf 122124595 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106708901 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 201396950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1789580013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1789580013 originConf 201396950
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithModifyTable#testRegionReplicasByEnableTableWhenReplicaCountIsIncreasedWithmultipleRegions
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745474270 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1351841827 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644575252 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449641591 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 34404743 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365697318 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425349894 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172009624 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372429053 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761404937 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814465347 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462029221 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465663055 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392972659 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950750311 that extends conf 201396950 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithModifyTable#testRegionReplicasByEnableTableWhenReplicaCountIsIncreasedWithmultipleRegions
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithModifyTable#testRegionReplicasByEnableTableWhenReplicaCountIsIncreasedWithmultipleRegions
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
