msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 326533984 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226391308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1226391308 originConf 326533984
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248668202 that extends conf 1226391308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1140350625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1222149774
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1222149774 originConf 1140350625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1390737963 that extends conf 1222149774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979300714 that extends conf 1390737963 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833142025 that extends conf 1222149774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1143108456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 893951952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 893951952 originConf 1143108456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033071707 that extends conf 893951952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012723394 that extends conf 2033071707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1351582224 that extends conf 893951952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659698448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 617695094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 617695094 originConf 1659698448
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146281979 that extends conf 617695094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477182242 that extends conf 1146281979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689499349 that extends conf 617695094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028378829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1128369914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1128369914 originConf 1028378829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040891810 that extends conf 1128369914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1329052993 that extends conf 1040891810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890176790 that extends conf 1128369914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379769317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 110705959
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 110705959 originConf 379769317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305118223 that extends conf 110705959 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147869299 that extends conf 1305118223 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380434968 that extends conf 110705959 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543189442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 381427514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 381427514 originConf 543189442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410576618 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928588232 that extends conf 410576618 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697636004 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230868020 that extends conf 697636004 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658232202 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 67530150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 67530150 originConf 1658232202
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763272419 that extends conf 67530150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558642384 that extends conf 1763272419 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038207293 that extends conf 67530150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908335921 that extends conf 1038207293 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 537093350 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537227115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 537227115 originConf 537093350
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661995361 that extends conf 537227115 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948916724 that extends conf 1661995361 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480334797 that extends conf 537227115 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861152421 that extends conf 1480334797 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2013194221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495804140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 1495804140 originConf 2013194221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505385766 that extends conf 1495804140 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372172386 that extends conf 1505385766 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1257911801 that extends conf 1495804140 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516759561 that extends conf 1257911801 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 302861511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1819030246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.4 uniqueConf 1819030246 originConf 302861511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809382042 that extends conf 1819030246 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135798081 that extends conf 809382042 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899970592 that extends conf 1819030246 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99454138 that extends conf 1899970592 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 461362472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 242634665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.5 uniqueConf 242634665 originConf 461362472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404266963 that extends conf 242634665 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198323457 that extends conf 1404266963 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017898968 that extends conf 242634665 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817430743 that extends conf 1017898968 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381427514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1332098646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1332098646 originConf 381427514
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381427514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599253107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1599253107 originConf 381427514
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616899320 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124551034 that extends conf 1495804140 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082321137 that extends conf 537227115 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484239118 that extends conf 242634665 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948632254 that extends conf 1495804140 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300334336 that extends conf 67530150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9836121 that extends conf 1819030246 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 853930394 that extends conf 242634665 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268638440 that extends conf 537227115 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548395625 that extends conf 1819030246 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1242142045 that extends conf 67530150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104008997 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381427514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697131766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1697131766 originConf 381427514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15032903 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345675417 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71055740 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287998142 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165403182 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903950966 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992452588 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238185423 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577675847 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827278695 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885315482 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421030187 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726323402 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120055955 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281924110 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357216149 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533046849 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048643201 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1271319984 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176579934 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301171661 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590716112 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327470096 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744723236 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588310193 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104323261 that extends conf 381427514 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testInternalGetTopBlockLocation
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testInternalGetTopBlockLocation
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testInternalGetTopBlockLocation
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
