msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1667323895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 952228347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 952228347 originConf 1667323895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415799787 that extends conf 952228347 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164709708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 844572932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 844572932 originConf 1164709708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450941752 that extends conf 844572932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294989230 that extends conf 1450941752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811986610 that extends conf 844572932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1263473961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249443261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1249443261 originConf 1263473961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072196324 that extends conf 1249443261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726827839 that extends conf 2072196324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440672887 that extends conf 1249443261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367447398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 165330521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 165330521 originConf 1367447398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673602701 that extends conf 165330521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668718840 that extends conf 673602701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027595837 that extends conf 165330521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1490161190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527918390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 527918390 originConf 1490161190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489677430 that extends conf 527918390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557638990 that extends conf 489677430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731397353 that extends conf 527918390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1426179849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523215540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 523215540 originConf 1426179849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119654758 that extends conf 523215540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959499680 that extends conf 119654758 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697004394 that extends conf 523215540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760678656 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762174044
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 762174044 originConf 1760678656
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647231552 that extends conf 762174044 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061606272 that extends conf 1647231552 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507493847 that extends conf 762174044 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 315152142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800405779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1800405779 originConf 315152142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526583228 that extends conf 1800405779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432692277 that extends conf 1526583228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513974294 that extends conf 1800405779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2068496069 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1116407800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1116407800 originConf 2068496069
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692839735 that extends conf 1116407800 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516052360 that extends conf 692839735 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969318624 that extends conf 1116407800 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330809010 that extends conf 969318624 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647386803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234982921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1234982921 originConf 1647386803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261087037 that extends conf 1234982921 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130903442 that extends conf 1261087037 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889296472 that extends conf 1234982921 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758892875 that extends conf 889296472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 594282693 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1351983517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1351983517 originConf 594282693
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742252532 that extends conf 1351983517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114637455 that extends conf 742252532 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1712110820 that extends conf 1351983517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648033683 that extends conf 1712110820 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626973461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276071162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 276071162 originConf 626973461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592100530 that extends conf 276071162 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937960380 that extends conf 1592100530 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072325053 that extends conf 276071162 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1888067035 that extends conf 1072325053 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179033466 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 104259264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.4 uniqueConf 104259264 originConf 179033466
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724541744 that extends conf 104259264 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595016842 that extends conf 1724541744 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902017342 that extends conf 104259264 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534127927 that extends conf 902017342 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1308306504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2033454109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.5 uniqueConf 2033454109 originConf 1308306504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439164833 that extends conf 2033454109 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154965436 that extends conf 439164833 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957555519 that extends conf 2033454109 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932126043 that extends conf 957555519 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466847521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325040384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.6 uniqueConf 1325040384 originConf 466847521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134192686 that extends conf 1325040384 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134472390 that extends conf 134192686 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269753427 that extends conf 1325040384 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811278310 that extends conf 1269753427 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137710137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1467910065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.7 uniqueConf 1467910065 originConf 1137710137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444563294 that extends conf 1467910065 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471867847 that extends conf 1444563294 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873577995 that extends conf 1467910065 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352623970 that extends conf 1873577995 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1116407800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1703739388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1703739388 originConf 1116407800
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1116407800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525164957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 525164957 originConf 1116407800
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611788277 that extends conf 1116407800 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672025381 that extends conf 1325040384 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908658124 that extends conf 1234982921 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71813739 that extends conf 1467910065 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106721012 that extends conf 2033454109 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598897860 that extends conf 276071162 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672308815 that extends conf 1351983517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339217786 that extends conf 104259264 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491220378 that extends conf 1234982921 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982385006 that extends conf 276071162 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954297552 that extends conf 2033454109 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381722113 that extends conf 1351983517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288761853 that extends conf 1467910065 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762141876 that extends conf 1325040384 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917973390 that extends conf 104259264 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042531849 that extends conf 1116407800 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650781697 that extends conf 1116407800 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1116407800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44183301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 44183301 originConf 1116407800
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.TestRegionPlacement2#testFavoredNodesPresentForRoundRobinAssignment
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.TestRegionPlacement2#testFavoredNodesPresentForRoundRobinAssignment
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.TestRegionPlacement2#testFavoredNodesPresentForRoundRobinAssignment
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
