msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1093694304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1187959504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1187959504 originConf 1093694304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337095886 that extends conf 1187959504 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168653672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137270393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 137270393 originConf 1168653672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216412299 that extends conf 137270393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748884475 that extends conf 1216412299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761556800 that extends conf 137270393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 975024729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 978448794
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 978448794 originConf 975024729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727995419 that extends conf 978448794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753936772 that extends conf 1727995419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717876938 that extends conf 978448794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 943637172 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1178517532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1178517532 originConf 943637172
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215716651 that extends conf 1178517532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316622011 that extends conf 215716651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754262288 that extends conf 1178517532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 177440489 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445192501
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1445192501 originConf 177440489
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347168602 that extends conf 1445192501 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607050643 that extends conf 1347168602 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 241728167 that extends conf 1445192501 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250445686 that extends conf 241728167 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 221766120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1017325313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1017325313 originConf 221766120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434143067 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911850839 that extends conf 434143067 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485817532 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108303953 that extends conf 1485817532 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704458743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1945622717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1945622717 originConf 1704458743
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1136960483 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474499745 that extends conf 1136960483 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593797853 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948298611 that extends conf 1593797853 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2015927722 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123053912
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 123053912 originConf 2015927722
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108532977 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390670159 that extends conf 2108532977 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323166592 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807517751 that extends conf 323166592 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445192501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 583898617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 583898617 originConf 1445192501
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445192501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 33644313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 33644313 originConf 1445192501
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200171272 that extends conf 1445192501 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431016522 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1148206143 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076280541 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317050370 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242884868 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142447286 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 406007710 that extends conf 1445192501 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445192501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407971213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1407971213 originConf 1445192501
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testChangeToSerial
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052011689 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999002914 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581465271 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872209011 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824972364 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313303185 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388805901 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190647044 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219181117 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75583420 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51750028 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508308753 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12723916 that extends conf 1445192501 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429332600 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798332531 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067558556 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844685355 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305008956 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22573404 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707102314 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902432232 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707667519 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711080869 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276714877 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895534536 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823701196 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781661315 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906454220 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404065369 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489276979 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677965943 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252992397 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5040469 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635029121 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791242007 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114305705 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776361707 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373535342 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563143459 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071781795 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181700118 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076911293 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581795127 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810592415 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637772901 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344048467 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417286746 that extends conf 123053912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266832899 that extends conf 1945622717 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85573314 that extends conf 1017325313 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testChangeToSerial
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.TestAddToSerialReplicationPeer#testChangeToSerial
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
