msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2014615363 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1084149258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1084149258 originConf 2014615363
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048551014 that extends conf 1084149258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 93168145 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077251126
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2077251126 originConf 93168145
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658741801 that extends conf 2077251126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006690667 that extends conf 658741801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598716858 that extends conf 2077251126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 88677700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1900041055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1900041055 originConf 88677700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033110782 that extends conf 1900041055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213267442 that extends conf 1033110782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158337047 that extends conf 1900041055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061619431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265776211
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1265776211 originConf 1061619431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461116628 that extends conf 1265776211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702897656 that extends conf 461116628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103172437 that extends conf 1265776211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836702055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1324726861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1324726861 originConf 836702055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057369699 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307869203 that extends conf 2057369699 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863074645 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241427240 that extends conf 863074645 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1349974424 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 897893879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 897893879 originConf 1349974424
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698394911 that extends conf 897893879 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729336679 that extends conf 698394911 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57407457 that extends conf 897893879 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800018114 that extends conf 57407457 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1193500032 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584752855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 584752855 originConf 1193500032
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653432757 that extends conf 584752855 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 122150725 that extends conf 1653432757 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883649786 that extends conf 584752855 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770590881 that extends conf 1883649786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1557356286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1873537150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 1873537150 originConf 1557356286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915748067 that extends conf 1873537150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082024632 that extends conf 1915748067 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963646407 that extends conf 1873537150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166155554 that extends conf 1963646407 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324726861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1843971730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1843971730 originConf 1324726861
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324726861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1109472428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1109472428 originConf 1324726861
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895865715 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392823937 that extends conf 897893879 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810670519 that extends conf 1873537150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830071530 that extends conf 584752855 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278957932 that extends conf 897893879 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549077345 that extends conf 584752855 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649306582 that extends conf 1873537150 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941080783 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324726861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 110416189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 110416189 originConf 1324726861
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104085390 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493945037 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854557388 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717090009 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124647615 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607399165 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234634834 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624681621 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103227340 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037663985 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810129940 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41725611 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642087407 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927710713 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834015407 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733088833 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238287107 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561030486 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384900392 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217198229 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791038073 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107865387 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698502745 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271849807 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019459189 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774160236 that extends conf 1324726861 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToOPP#testScanEmptyToOPP
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
2020-08-25 00:46:55,605 INFO  [LocalJobRunner Map Task Executor #0] mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanBase$ScanMapper(123): map: key -> msx, value -> (null, null)
2020-08-25 00:46:57,563 INFO  [pool-204-thread-1] mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanBase$ScanReducer(145): reduce: key[0] -> msx, value -> msx
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToOPP#testScanEmptyToOPP
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToOPP#testScanEmptyToOPP
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
