msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527030966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740022132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 740022132 originConf 1527030966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2130781599 that extends conf 740022132 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624335016 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090807345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1090807345 originConf 1624335016
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506475256 that extends conf 1090807345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119722504 that extends conf 506475256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884528929 that extends conf 1090807345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053867003 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 871949049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 871949049 originConf 1053867003
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898879797 that extends conf 871949049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098090723 that extends conf 1898879797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095978446 that extends conf 871949049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617207986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959538978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 959538978 originConf 617207986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514232282 that extends conf 959538978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073450903 that extends conf 514232282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532042652 that extends conf 959538978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 561045172 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 969221390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 969221390 originConf 561045172
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471531349 that extends conf 969221390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280943709 that extends conf 1471531349 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620547626 that extends conf 969221390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 256717313 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037376358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1037376358 originConf 256717313
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106375531 that extends conf 1037376358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936669051 that extends conf 106375531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639736645 that extends conf 1037376358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859302133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1000552989
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1000552989 originConf 859302133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374175484 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292758844 that extends conf 1374175484 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258614540 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902593991 that extends conf 258614540 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655046844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842400851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 842400851 originConf 1655046844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720292601 that extends conf 842400851 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61093694 that extends conf 1720292601 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983650911 that extends conf 842400851 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825212707 that extends conf 983650911 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 152542456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924787899
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 924787899 originConf 152542456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533642927 that extends conf 924787899 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393691486 that extends conf 533642927 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146201995 that extends conf 924787899 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736271643 that extends conf 146201995 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1883501127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482625303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 482625303 originConf 1883501127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168775183 that extends conf 482625303 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010635687 that extends conf 168775183 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503435523 that extends conf 482625303 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350839986 that extends conf 1503435523 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 275525354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599908444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.4 uniqueConf 1599908444 originConf 275525354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578826163 that extends conf 1599908444 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171191830 that extends conf 1578826163 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338756972 that extends conf 1599908444 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511865222 that extends conf 338756972 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 548762728 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46645902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.5 uniqueConf 46645902 originConf 548762728
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659998174 that extends conf 46645902 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1889546353 that extends conf 1659998174 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931328136 that extends conf 46645902 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674541643 that extends conf 1931328136 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000552989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1980964652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1980964652 originConf 1000552989
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000552989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 37007802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 37007802 originConf 1000552989
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513713582 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192046270 that extends conf 482625303 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518581275 that extends conf 46645902 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786960124 that extends conf 1599908444 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38546243 that extends conf 842400851 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918081107 that extends conf 924787899 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721733804 that extends conf 842400851 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473701318 that extends conf 46645902 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115814771 that extends conf 482625303 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783595449 that extends conf 924787899 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038417117 that extends conf 1599908444 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034810915 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000552989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137122779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 137122779 originConf 1000552989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146650422 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355926985 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180444268 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302067464 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753636995 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167366435 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671023847 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492739643 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533174230 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029544460 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907814880 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631602496 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325621033 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689731398 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961334073 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426975980 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195851882 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522920856 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662089045 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783990563 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745216083 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922914648 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386111855 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11343801 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576786179 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16360066 that extends conf 1000552989 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testMapHostNameToServerName
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testMapHostNameToServerName
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testMapHostNameToServerName
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
