msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1179115450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912279239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1912279239 originConf 1179115450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501264951 that extends conf 1912279239 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 240229199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2075762775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2075762775 originConf 240229199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998054459 that extends conf 2075762775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127256782 that extends conf 1998054459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001963000 that extends conf 2075762775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405117048 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360338124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1360338124 originConf 1405117048
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772339891 that extends conf 1360338124 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014757414 that extends conf 1772339891 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934318691 that extends conf 1360338124 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089566844 that extends conf 934318691 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 76658785 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1978838811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1978838811 originConf 76658785
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809121184 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649124381 that extends conf 809121184 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408605959 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472972316 that extends conf 408605959 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360338124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252503640
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1252503640 originConf 1360338124
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360338124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865625679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1865625679 originConf 1360338124
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349967639 that extends conf 1360338124 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674011613 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1343601078 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548414712 that extends conf 1360338124 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360338124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 341834374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 341834374 originConf 1360338124
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testSerialReplicate
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592123685 that extends conf 1360338124 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944181365 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158032780 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644266287 that extends conf 944181365 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924688172 that extends conf 1158032780 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 625610997 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10589497 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35705866 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 736879053 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210165149 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31111412 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995934841 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831151223 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547229737 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179204539 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899390953 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374898215 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65810487 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644334564 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087390295 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875384499 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287069724 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108514669 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595687663 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368263514 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704417016 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694526072 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563311844 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273844536 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414685640 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405945167 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103055700 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208760572 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386154504 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testSerialReplicate
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.replication.regionserver.TestSerialReplicationEndpoint#testSerialReplicate
msx-listener succeed
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042211520 that extends conf 1978838811 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
