msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1947748095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1230285773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1230285773 originConf 1947748095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084787622 that extends conf 1230285773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1070261733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237504027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1237504027 originConf 1070261733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797121487 that extends conf 1237504027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278050 that extends conf 797121487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800942669 that extends conf 1237504027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1583304061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977684033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 977684033 originConf 1583304061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987346574 that extends conf 977684033 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447335201 that extends conf 987346574 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703093204 that extends conf 977684033 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303666220 that extends conf 1703093204 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 227771400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407262786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1407262786 originConf 227771400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308035944 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312168224 that extends conf 1308035944 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817160081 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134784412 that extends conf 817160081 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977684033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 608099732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 608099732 originConf 977684033
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977684033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285032617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1285032617 originConf 977684033
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677647044 that extends conf 977684033 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078735957 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866093200 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234151247 that extends conf 977684033 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977684033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 84834310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 84834310 originConf 977684033
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.client.replication.TestReplicationAdmin#testNamespacesAndTableCfsConfigConflict
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697508472 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657448744 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287242024 that extends conf 697508472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43272954 that extends conf 657448744 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841036912 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620584754 that extends conf 697508472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493236283 that extends conf 1841036912 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2105138132 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351882296 that extends conf 697508472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991044346 that extends conf 2105138132 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243666835 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912660895 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627832870 that extends conf 243666835 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381131684 that extends conf 912660895 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881268788 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19084587 that extends conf 243666835 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617589323 that extends conf 1881268788 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 718899115 that extends conf 1407262786 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47265875 that extends conf 243666835 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166424927 that extends conf 718899115 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.client.replication.TestReplicationAdmin#testNamespacesAndTableCfsConfigConflict
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.client.replication.TestReplicationAdmin#testNamespacesAndTableCfsConfigConflict
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
