msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 572402215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 610821393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 610821393 originConf 572402215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221271425 that extends conf 610821393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 131686931 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402645664
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 402645664 originConf 131686931
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557431621 that extends conf 402645664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240254794 that extends conf 557431621 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964142664 that extends conf 402645664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47438197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977353587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 977353587 originConf 47438197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1403855367 that extends conf 977353587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943254109 that extends conf 1403855367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200523357 that extends conf 977353587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 756665719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 561512182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 561512182 originConf 756665719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542354815 that extends conf 561512182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813198950 that extends conf 1542354815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350983990 that extends conf 561512182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 149870740 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117770083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 117770083 originConf 149870740
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505671773 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139845537 that extends conf 1505671773 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435886117 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622051347 that extends conf 435886117 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1858382625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079197570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1079197570 originConf 1858382625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072922034 that extends conf 1079197570 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765642403 that extends conf 2072922034 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364742562 that extends conf 1079197570 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491218412 that extends conf 1364742562 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234530357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1447632860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1447632860 originConf 234530357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841746030 that extends conf 1447632860 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942173774 that extends conf 1841746030 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387895564 that extends conf 1447632860 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386016350 that extends conf 387895564 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1447735273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 877321229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 877321229 originConf 1447735273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509674547 that extends conf 877321229 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044823765 that extends conf 509674547 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602791589 that extends conf 877321229 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022084812 that extends conf 602791589 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117770083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370850918
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1370850918 originConf 117770083
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117770083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 21692181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 21692181 originConf 117770083
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 543276673 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370504461 that extends conf 877321229 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373052326 that extends conf 1079197570 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956970841 that extends conf 1447632860 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363361992 that extends conf 877321229 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751709278 that extends conf 1447632860 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068846586 that extends conf 1079197570 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598372336 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117770083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 941052452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 941052452 originConf 117770083
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithRestartScenarios#testRegionReplicasCreated
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753654427 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414023486 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766786384 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438732020 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727536534 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761404937 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465663055 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14850221 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605589730 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088453819 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364646428 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462029221 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054274010 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449641591 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957842625 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763178417 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 464697340 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662073677 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688059650 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649460786 that extends conf 117770083 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithRestartScenarios#testRegionReplicasCreated
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasWithRestartScenarios#testRegionReplicasCreated
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
