msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 648935797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552985458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1552985458 originConf 648935797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894150489 that extends conf 1552985458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1597063138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1149762583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1149762583 originConf 1597063138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 627775426 that extends conf 1149762583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37653572 that extends conf 627775426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145994425 that extends conf 1149762583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 489690507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491307681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1491307681 originConf 489690507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1193677694 that extends conf 1491307681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040636098 that extends conf 1193677694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772234659 that extends conf 1491307681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 474441878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 26947875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 26947875 originConf 474441878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521214453 that extends conf 26947875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071373473 that extends conf 521214453 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667785672 that extends conf 26947875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478431309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 107549267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 107549267 originConf 1478431309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124157190 that extends conf 107549267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276236015 that extends conf 124157190 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739985105 that extends conf 107549267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 206105869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128806233
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2128806233 originConf 206105869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598948013 that extends conf 2128806233 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739220375 that extends conf 598948013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639132929 that extends conf 2128806233 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 411373959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593935824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 593935824 originConf 411373959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115364619 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055190677 that extends conf 115364619 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692973783 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867959318 that extends conf 1692973783 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043305062 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811131503
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1811131503 originConf 1043305062
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749670905 that extends conf 1811131503 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810143348 that extends conf 749670905 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938489368 that extends conf 1811131503 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6318350 that extends conf 1938489368 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 24154168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1194443936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1194443936 originConf 24154168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814367816 that extends conf 1194443936 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949670492 that extends conf 814367816 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78462175 that extends conf 1194443936 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522669730 that extends conf 78462175 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1212468768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538278192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 1538278192 originConf 1212468768
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045235373 that extends conf 1538278192 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250408968 that extends conf 2045235373 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807964113 that extends conf 1538278192 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107731620 that extends conf 807964113 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112301603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060884222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.4 uniqueConf 1060884222 originConf 112301603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356021793 that extends conf 1060884222 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180837639 that extends conf 356021793 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361634891 that extends conf 1060884222 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276237845 that extends conf 1361634891 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531960772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1663031142
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.5 uniqueConf 1663031142 originConf 1531960772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713738631 that extends conf 1663031142 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038323544 that extends conf 713738631 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442737793 that extends conf 1663031142 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372332308 that extends conf 442737793 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593935824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024382545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 2024382545 originConf 593935824
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593935824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 789175765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 789175765 originConf 593935824
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960081558 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693101915 that extends conf 1538278192 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 34794189 that extends conf 1194443936 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1297051439 that extends conf 1811131503 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752954379 that extends conf 1060884222 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152535623 that extends conf 1663031142 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925314329 that extends conf 1538278192 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017500361 that extends conf 1811131503 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119733349 that extends conf 1663031142 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741839616 that extends conf 1060884222 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409939335 that extends conf 1194443936 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302359807 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593935824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1036842058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1036842058 originConf 593935824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15032903 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793206618 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885315482 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254359496 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992452588 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165403182 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827278695 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577675847 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265064418 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357216149 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007156331 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421030187 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622571594 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883810810 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742497516 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903950966 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1623043833 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327470096 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960009087 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048643201 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457688131 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301171661 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588310193 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077307984 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910060670 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522160066 that extends conf 593935824 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testGetTopBlockLocations
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testGetTopBlockLocations
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testGetTopBlockLocations
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
