msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestShutdownWhileWALBroken#test[1: WAL=filesystem]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 411174366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1972958526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1972958526 originConf 411174366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240505144 that extends conf 1972958526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 777578007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123878117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 123878117 originConf 777578007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2136504965 that extends conf 123878117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664526467 that extends conf 2136504965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766046308 that extends conf 123878117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914646222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 252136530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 252136530 originConf 1914646222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1805412614 that extends conf 252136530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683808778 that extends conf 1805412614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131321269 that extends conf 252136530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 558429275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225262500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1225262500 originConf 558429275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386071446 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708361825 that extends conf 386071446 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550229611 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111842343 that extends conf 1550229611 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1644552684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1375039472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1375039472 originConf 1644552684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383319426 that extends conf 1375039472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367757587 that extends conf 1383319426 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763615287 that extends conf 1375039472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627411922 that extends conf 763615287 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 934298267 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 156930184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 156930184 originConf 934298267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559703025 that extends conf 156930184 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114533168 that extends conf 1559703025 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907447808 that extends conf 156930184 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025593987 that extends conf 907447808 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225262500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 69563470
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 69563470 originConf 1225262500
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225262500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1432389292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1432389292 originConf 1225262500
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107581390 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312490464 that extends conf 156930184 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992373336 that extends conf 1375039472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817209159 that extends conf 156930184 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162919867 that extends conf 1375039472 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095072951 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225262500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982298665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 982298665 originConf 1225262500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101753817 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456452602 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280206540 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828298837 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993343501 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700866809 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954263422 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310103163 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379958905 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477849087 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932497126 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956720694 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995756641 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001261113 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993613600 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346636906 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851233850 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959775008 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422794455 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499414758 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598646929 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150861514 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995871465 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998329274 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124690485 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568746111 that extends conf 1225262500 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1996213441 that extends conf 992373336 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestShutdownWhileWALBroken#test[1: WAL=filesystem]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestShutdownWhileWALBroken#test[1: WAL=filesystem]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
