msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1923909258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1000736088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1000736088 originConf 1923909258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845262973 that extends conf 1000736088 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1031972556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15784102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 15784102 originConf 1031972556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115247410 that extends conf 15784102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639715639 that extends conf 115247410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363754989 that extends conf 15784102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 635378892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2087038908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 2087038908 originConf 635378892
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139490992 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804748172 that extends conf 2139490992 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319937466 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544392930 that extends conf 319937466 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986628249 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75916619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 75916619 originConf 1986628249
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291688306 that extends conf 75916619 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962595965 that extends conf 1291688306 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821190365 that extends conf 75916619 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783551109 that extends conf 821190365 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2087038908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 639480892
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 639480892 originConf 2087038908
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2087038908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 300073147
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 300073147 originConf 2087038908
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239730363 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961660865 that extends conf 75916619 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318357934 that extends conf 75916619 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550280759 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2087038908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146934296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 146934296 originConf 2087038908
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.assignment.TestMergeTableRegionsProcedure#testMergeTenRegions
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749847195 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357099789 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821368528 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164013478 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544784792 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414398337 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230672053 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673855272 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201783933 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156713777 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209561988 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71497845 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987205749 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400804243 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260433536 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464143146 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666265049 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870803420 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521751898 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 464842563 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177967937 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185789520 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903510358 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741739622 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594876682 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111181269 that extends conf 2087038908 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.assignment.TestMergeTableRegionsProcedure#testMergeTenRegions
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.assignment.TestMergeTableRegionsProcedure#testMergeTenRegions
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
