msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestHdfsSnapshotHRegion#testOpeningReadOnlyRegionBasic
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611168744 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15522805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 15522805 originConf 611168744
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386196515 that extends conf 15522805 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1595450889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589545629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589545629 originConf 1595450889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251828508 that extends conf 589545629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643228027 that extends conf 1251828508 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160914784 that extends conf 589545629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568039960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1175864074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1175864074 originConf 1568039960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129419120 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41634643 that extends conf 1129419120 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357581136 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514506395 that extends conf 357581136 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926200770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 114368764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 114368764 originConf 1926200770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414619201 that extends conf 114368764 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334732101 that extends conf 1414619201 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439147966 that extends conf 114368764 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245273891 that extends conf 439147966 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175864074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2135608362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 2135608362 originConf 1175864074
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175864074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465504408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 465504408 originConf 1175864074
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735980098 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571822580 that extends conf 114368764 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 480782314 that extends conf 114368764 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294501349 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175864074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1749798888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1749798888 originConf 1175864074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742461965 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465038772 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417019495 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080164599 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583705023 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115546192 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248708882 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707064536 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572965225 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197316942 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404944606 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198452908 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379735753 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844455085 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066167180 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58790253 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673257934 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461834039 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836917208 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261684400 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831879085 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413681941 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709186596 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305882266 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764510857 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498982486 that extends conf 1175864074 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestHdfsSnapshotHRegion#testOpeningReadOnlyRegionBasic
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestHdfsSnapshotHRegion#testOpeningReadOnlyRegionBasic
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
