msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643980293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591748760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1591748760 originConf 1643980293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7117541 that extends conf 1591748760 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125283899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 403307301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 403307301 originConf 1125283899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030656248 that extends conf 403307301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348743231 that extends conf 1030656248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894132316 that extends conf 403307301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1744917190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095159909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2095159909 originConf 1744917190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90847973 that extends conf 2095159909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827447095 that extends conf 90847973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397724888 that extends conf 2095159909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 96356321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 792574255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 792574255 originConf 96356321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211336336 that extends conf 792574255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741378717 that extends conf 211336336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908417066 that extends conf 792574255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 216628807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 236212726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 236212726 originConf 216628807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359263502 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104522573 that extends conf 1359263502 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82078006 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474205825 that extends conf 82078006 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 787018427 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520218990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1520218990 originConf 787018427
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573691596 that extends conf 1520218990 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119102474 that extends conf 573691596 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658637252 that extends conf 1520218990 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316484837 that extends conf 1658637252 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 621404530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 922819558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 922819558 originConf 621404530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989802976 that extends conf 922819558 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198638933 that extends conf 1989802976 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244205745 that extends conf 922819558 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457156536 that extends conf 1244205745 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 614063433 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 498959686
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 498959686 originConf 614063433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855062000 that extends conf 498959686 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453245667 that extends conf 855062000 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661527878 that extends conf 498959686 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767416518 that extends conf 1661527878 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 236212726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514477263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 514477263 originConf 236212726
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 236212726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 136965072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 136965072 originConf 236212726
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161769582 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605918217 that extends conf 498959686 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526597950 that extends conf 922819558 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258694889 that extends conf 1520218990 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984488065 that extends conf 498959686 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563246627 that extends conf 922819558 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708174865 that extends conf 1520218990 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259452006 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 236212726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860967556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 860967556 originConf 236212726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262998274 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287242024 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752795889 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008939209 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997460008 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584690527 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255247763 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013311924 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684315980 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188490161 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738083933 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620546165 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609143023 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483010198 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16789791 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216771584 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079508156 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54738164 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955527437 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663312161 that extends conf 236212726 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasAreDistributed#testRegionReplicasCreatedAreDistributed
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasAreDistributed#testRegionReplicasCreatedAreDistributed
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRegionReplicasAreDistributed#testRegionReplicasCreatedAreDistributed
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
