msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660154528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076180488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1076180488 originConf 1660154528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707334831 that extends conf 1076180488 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199154132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689804299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1689804299 originConf 199154132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528423538 that extends conf 1689804299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865196120 that extends conf 1528423538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357623638 that extends conf 1689804299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010826749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 12164597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 12164597 originConf 1010826749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44157627 that extends conf 12164597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940682058 that extends conf 44157627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611450357 that extends conf 12164597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1020606845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1719452774
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1719452774 originConf 1020606845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861482505 that extends conf 1719452774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843827813 that extends conf 861482505 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787871979 that extends conf 1719452774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095471797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 927549127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 927549127 originConf 2095471797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977650599 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112950129 that extends conf 1977650599 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121355001 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717188962 that extends conf 121355001 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367071741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1154916127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1154916127 originConf 1367071741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141818739 that extends conf 1154916127 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503806071 that extends conf 141818739 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849048455 that extends conf 1154916127 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623165124 that extends conf 849048455 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 360394007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 804384788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 804384788 originConf 360394007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369515056 that extends conf 804384788 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012154538 that extends conf 369515056 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67081408 that extends conf 804384788 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509266254 that extends conf 67081408 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1245379389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 819839742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 819839742 originConf 1245379389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058817333 that extends conf 819839742 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031807710 that extends conf 1058817333 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300941579 that extends conf 819839742 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729956210 that extends conf 300941579 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 927549127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220075123
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1220075123 originConf 927549127
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 927549127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275692686
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 275692686 originConf 927549127
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310327777 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062792898 that extends conf 1154916127 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371806577 that extends conf 804384788 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755330967 that extends conf 819839742 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158470279 that extends conf 804384788 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498700251 that extends conf 819839742 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213011583 that extends conf 1154916127 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775071950 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 927549127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1900260747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 1900260747 originConf 927549127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054274010 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082640134 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511671059 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753654427 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414023486 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449641591 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465663055 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763178417 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462029221 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172009624 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 34404743 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766786384 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644575252 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425349894 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372429053 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 898322655 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761404937 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259861341 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367045147 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413190524 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662073677 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 464697340 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429730032 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653070040 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417215754 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391747710 that extends conf 927549127 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToEmpty#testScanEmptyToEmpty
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
2020-08-25 00:46:42,408 INFO  [LocalJobRunner Map Task Executor #0] mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanBase$ScanMapper(123): map: key -> msx, value -> (null, null)
2020-08-25 00:46:46,970 INFO  [pool-206-thread-1] mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanBase$ScanReducer(145): reduce: key[0] -> msx, value -> msx
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToEmpty#testScanEmptyToEmpty
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToEmpty#testScanEmptyToEmpty
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
