msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418511530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 680101824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 680101824 originConf 1418511530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116879253 that extends conf 680101824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808260015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 714097368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 714097368 originConf 1808260015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147584204 that extends conf 714097368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011125788 that extends conf 1147584204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598150335 that extends conf 714097368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 654080706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255421123
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 255421123 originConf 654080706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 464121546 that extends conf 255421123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413779776 that extends conf 464121546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307881471 that extends conf 255421123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1681539002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 888259026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 888259026 originConf 1681539002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281808965 that extends conf 888259026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127859161 that extends conf 281808965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239342466 that extends conf 888259026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 367522912 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1632311473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1632311473 originConf 367522912
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489539107 that extends conf 1632311473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023042691 that extends conf 489539107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096252397 that extends conf 1632311473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1008926169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723119394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1723119394 originConf 1008926169
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727168675 that extends conf 1723119394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481878063 that extends conf 1727168675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968032132 that extends conf 1723119394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 282023192 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1381719544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 1381719544 originConf 282023192
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084169958 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060865846 that extends conf 1084169958 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809957176 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955431605 that extends conf 1809957176 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370169683 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1524759286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1524759286 originConf 1370169683
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905874543 that extends conf 1524759286 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883618898 that extends conf 905874543 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901888678 that extends conf 1524759286 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334784069 that extends conf 901888678 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427422792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1548280634
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1548280634 originConf 1427422792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203603022 that extends conf 1548280634 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018907340 that extends conf 1203603022 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813407637 that extends conf 1548280634 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884313637 that extends conf 813407637 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142699672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 124571915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 124571915 originConf 2142699672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133037684 that extends conf 124571915 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994389834 that extends conf 133037684 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899946189 that extends conf 124571915 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414294012 that extends conf 899946189 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826360755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353876188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.4 uniqueConf 353876188 originConf 1826360755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716367640 that extends conf 353876188 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415068207 that extends conf 1716367640 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357281813 that extends conf 353876188 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334473443 that extends conf 1357281813 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848159346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 226827517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.5 uniqueConf 226827517 originConf 848159346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693913657 that extends conf 226827517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737783273 that extends conf 1693913657 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096006906 that extends conf 226827517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1575685716 that extends conf 2096006906 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1381719544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881059275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1881059275 originConf 1381719544
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1381719544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 923238442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 923238442 originConf 1381719544
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439374054 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303324160 that extends conf 124571915 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330653372 that extends conf 226827517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628421248 that extends conf 1524759286 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102487807 that extends conf 1548280634 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680024670 that extends conf 353876188 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385248499 that extends conf 1524759286 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618390296 that extends conf 124571915 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220903389 that extends conf 1548280634 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690442991 that extends conf 353876188 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372106038 that extends conf 226827517 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725383642 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1381719544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 187218226
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 187218226 originConf 1381719544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053258068 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943307144 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134778675 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23009193 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709418997 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685325403 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1026288926 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186479275 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089310143 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126589019 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724324719 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173872559 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902160612 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321639714 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648919096 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177176030 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009291460 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818206879 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899207251 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319494601 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730399499 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215785076 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926303472 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492418997 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168634031 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050296451 that extends conf 1381719544 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testRefreshAndWait
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testRefreshAndWait
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.master.balancer.TestRegionLocationFinder#testRefreshAndWait
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
