msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627700939 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 198027533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 198027533 originConf 1627700939
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938846113 that extends conf 198027533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217520540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689597770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 689597770 originConf 217520540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927939611 that extends conf 689597770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934751884 that extends conf 927939611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127649001 that extends conf 689597770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1194633307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077459965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 2077459965 originConf 1194633307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92316108 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1543291565 that extends conf 92316108 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602443590 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594695099 that extends conf 1602443590 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1257941102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1487456872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1487456872 originConf 1257941102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907341259 that extends conf 1487456872 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919095570 that extends conf 1907341259 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1567014279 that extends conf 1487456872 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432841443 that extends conf 1567014279 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077459965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1489100884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 1489100884 originConf 2077459965
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077459965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 682583929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 682583929 originConf 2077459965
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677398334 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291883059 that extends conf 1487456872 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288534399 that extends conf 1487456872 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74751734 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077459965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 477714083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 477714083 originConf 2077459965
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRequestsPerSecondMetric#testNoNegativeSignAtRequestsPerSecond
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980423408 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462921323 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991330616 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1922632942 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793842392 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236822389 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394525822 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928383370 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854359590 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279211894 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453228415 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793926354 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932012084 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710731657 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220461464 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622202914 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972040181 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961648657 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621877625 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415794886 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105685245 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029961462 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63296698 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484718678 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561881533 that extends conf 2077459965 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRequestsPerSecondMetric#testNoNegativeSignAtRequestsPerSecond
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.regionserver.TestRequestsPerSecondMetric#testNoNegativeSignAtRequestsPerSecond
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
