msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660154528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076180488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1076180488 originConf 1660154528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707334831 that extends conf 1076180488 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199154132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689804299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1689804299 originConf 199154132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528423538 that extends conf 1689804299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865196120 that extends conf 1528423538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357623638 that extends conf 1689804299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010826749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1301658203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1301658203 originConf 1010826749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047972627 that extends conf 1301658203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576909763 that extends conf 1047972627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381403657 that extends conf 1301658203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2116770142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111068766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1111068766 originConf 2116770142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384082163 that extends conf 1111068766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197372556 that extends conf 1384082163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7514770 that extends conf 1111068766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861106475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 298856596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HMaster.1 uniqueConf 298856596 originConf 861106475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179479184 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977650599 that extends conf 1179479184 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112950129 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121355001 that extends conf 2112950129 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 108801551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720679840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.1 uniqueConf 1720679840 originConf 108801551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220369632 that extends conf 1720679840 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141818739 that extends conf 1220369632 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283342631 that extends conf 1720679840 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849048455 that extends conf 283342631 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213120245 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103101321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.2 uniqueConf 1103101321 originConf 213120245
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123525760 that extends conf 1103101321 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870884067 that extends conf 123525760 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454087940 that extends conf 1103101321 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369515056 that extends conf 454087940 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 509266254 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996649545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:HRegionServer.3 uniqueConf 996649545 originConf 509266254
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488178806 that extends conf 996649545 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055360534 that extends conf 1488178806 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528148422 that extends conf 996649545 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058817333 that extends conf 1528148422 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 298856596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626894686
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:WALProcedureStore.1 uniqueConf 626894686 originConf 298856596
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 298856596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1742950791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ReplicationPeerConfigUpgrader.1 uniqueConf 1742950791 originConf 298856596
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller INFO: componentObj is null, we don't handle static function this time
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179405264 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494558209 that extends conf 996649545 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631998075 that extends conf 1720679840 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659188471 that extends conf 1103101321 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708150606 that extends conf 1103101321 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144028337 that extends conf 1720679840 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770932424 that extends conf 996649545 into componenet hbase:HRegionServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691035175 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 298856596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027371929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hbase:ExpiredMobFileCleaner.1 uniqueConf 2027371929 originConf 298856596
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431148326 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751467820 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552262704 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800905129 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566164937 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117672172 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046556025 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962363569 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299028353 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010583679 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413794290 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132182959 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690346031 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959784792 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856966949 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312077115 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863330918 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447574107 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906042381 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615340168 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664126206 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465450801 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942532814 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849957813 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834922336 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272562947 that extends conf 298856596 into componenet hbase:HMaster.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToBBB#testScanEmptyToBBB
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToBBB#testScanEmptyToBBB
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestTableInputFormatScanEmptyToBBB#testScanEmptyToBBB
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
