msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hbase.util.TestFSUtils#testcomputeHDFSBlocksDistribution
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094922549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213103192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 213103192 originConf 1094922549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931405698 that extends conf 213103192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1719752878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427646094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1427646094 originConf 1719752878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1796985955 that extends conf 1427646094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977643937 that extends conf 1796985955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220068719 that extends conf 1427646094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 890525110 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 264213771
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 264213771 originConf 890525110
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083913802 that extends conf 264213771 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037874364 that extends conf 2083913802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797375130 that extends conf 264213771 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618072894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038680923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2038680923 originConf 618072894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65135550 that extends conf 2038680923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392696165 that extends conf 65135550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505849586 that extends conf 2038680923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1461873750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1183569726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1183569726 originConf 1461873750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119205165 that extends conf 1183569726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1611493246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 595778961
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 595778961 originConf 1611493246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660031489 that extends conf 595778961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151617992 that extends conf 660031489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785375748 that extends conf 595778961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1050492528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913626002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 913626002 originConf 1050492528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992268601 that extends conf 913626002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952222882 that extends conf 992268601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976833267 that extends conf 913626002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1747144249 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515832193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1515832193 originConf 1747144249
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990941160 that extends conf 1515832193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742288119 that extends conf 990941160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024108873 that extends conf 1515832193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 291578387 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 373629747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 373629747 originConf 291578387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558485808 that extends conf 373629747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974724624 that extends conf 1558485808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179036446 that extends conf 373629747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413192077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1324481337
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1324481337 originConf 413192077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331909054 that extends conf 1324481337 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642376510 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1487339196
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1487339196 originConf 1642376510
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309956477 that extends conf 1487339196 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503187974 that extends conf 309956477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327988230 that extends conf 1487339196 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 385854243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662998590
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1662998590 originConf 385854243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81232339 that extends conf 1662998590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946292442 that extends conf 81232339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204769592 that extends conf 1662998590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1799859322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219924830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1219924830 originConf 1799859322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939378594 that extends conf 1219924830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004707257 that extends conf 1939378594 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 314153853 that extends conf 1219924830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1724049179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 840712597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 840712597 originConf 1724049179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661219092 that extends conf 840712597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538111780 that extends conf 661219092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269020631 that extends conf 840712597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hbase.util.TestFSUtils#testcomputeHDFSBlocksDistribution
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hbase.util.TestFSUtils#testcomputeHDFSBlocksDistribution
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
