fs.s3a.committer.threads hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
fs.s3a.committer.threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
