mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testDurability hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.coprocessor.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testDurability hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testImport94Table hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testSimpleCase hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithDeletes hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithFilter hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestCellBasedImportExport2#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testDurability hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testImport94Table hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testSimpleCase hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithDeletes hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithFilter hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:AbstractMemStore
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:Export
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HMaster
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:HRegionServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hbase:Import
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hbase org.apache.hadoop.hbase.mapreduce.TestImportExport#testWithMultipleDeleteFamilyMarkersOfSameRowSameFamily hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testSnappyCompress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testKeySize mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testValueSize mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapProgress#testMapProgress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLocality hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLocality hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testMultiLevelInput hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testMultiLevelInput hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputs hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputs hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobQueueClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testStatusLimit mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainMapNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testGetSplitsWithDirectory hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testGetSplitsWithDirectory hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testMissingBlocks hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testMissingBlocks hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacementForCompressedFiles hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacementForCompressedFiles hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacement hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacement hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testIdentity hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testIdentity hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testInnerAssociativity hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testInnerAssociativity hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testOuterAssociativity hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testOuterAssociativity hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testGcCounter mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testMapCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.input.fileinputformat.list-status.num-threads hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ResourceManager
