mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
