yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:Client
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:NodeManager
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:TimelineClientImpl
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:Client
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:NodeManager
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:TimelineClientImpl
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testAppLogsScanLogs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testAppLogsScanLogs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testCleanLogs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testCleanLogs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testGetEntityPluginRead hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testGetEntityPluginRead hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testMoveToDone hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testMoveToDone hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testParseSummaryLogs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testParseSummaryLogs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testPluginRead hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testPluginRead hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testScanActiveLogsAndMoveToDonePluginRead hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testScanActiveLogsAndMoveToDonePluginRead hdfs:NameNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testSummaryRead hdfs:DataNode
yarn.timeline-service.entity-group-fs-store.app-cache-size yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testSummaryRead hdfs:NameNode
