yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyE2E yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyE2E yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyTokenRenewal yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyTokenRenewal yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testE2ETokenSwap yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testE2ETokenSwap yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.amrmproxy.client.thread-count mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
