dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testClusterStatsDataSource hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testClusterStatsJMX hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testMountTableStatsDataSource hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testNamenodeStatsDataSource hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testNameserviceStatsDataSource hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.metrics.TestFederationMetrics#testRouterStatsDataSource hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableRouterQuota#testGetQuotaUsage hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddOrderErrorMsg hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddOrderErrorMsg hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddOrderMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testAddOrderMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testCreateInvalidEntry hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testCreateInvalidEntry hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testInvalidArgumentMessage hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testInvalidArgumentMessage hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testListMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testListMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testManageSafeMode hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testManageSafeMode hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testMountTableDefaultACL hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testMountTableDefaultACL hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testMountTablePermissions hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testMountTablePermissions hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testNameserviceManager hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testNameserviceManager hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testOrderErrorMsg hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testOrderErrorMsg hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testRemoveMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testRemoveMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testRemoveMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testRemoveMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testSetAndClearQuota hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testSetAndClearQuota hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateDestinationForExistingMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateDestinationForExistingMountTableNotNormalized hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateDestinationForExistingMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateDestinationForExistingMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateNonExistingMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateNonExistingMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateOrderMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateOrderMountTable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateReadonlyUserGroupPermissionMountable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdminCLI#testUpdateReadonlyUserGroupPermissionMountable hdfs:RouterAdmin
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testAddDuplicateMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testAddMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testAddOrderMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testAddReadOnlyMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testEditMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testGetMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testGetSingleMountTableEntry hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testNameserviceManager hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testNameserviceManagerUnauthorized hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAdmin#testRemoveMountTable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testOverloadControl hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testOverloadControl hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testWithoutOverloadControl hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testWithoutOverloadControl hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterHeartbeatService#testStateStoreAvailable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterHeartbeatService#testStateStoreUnavailable hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:DataNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:NameNode
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterSafemode#testRouterEnterSafemode hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterSafemode#testRouterExitSafemode hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterSafemode#testRouterManualSafeMode hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterSafemode#testRouterRpcSafeMode hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.mount-table.cache.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterSafemode#testSafemodeService hdfs:Router
