hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestAclCLI#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestAclCLI#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestAclCLIWithPosixAclInheritance#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestAclCLIWithPosixAclInheritance#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestCacheAdminCLI#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestCacheAdminCLI#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestCryptoAdminCLI#testAll hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestDeleteCLI#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestDeleteCLI#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestErasureCodingCLI#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestErasureCodingCLI#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestHDFSCLI#testAll hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestXAttrCLI#testAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.cli.TestXAttrCLI#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortEmptyUploadHandle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortEmptyUploadHandle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortEmptyUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortEmptyUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortUnknownUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testAbortUnknownUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testCompleteEmptyUploadID hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testCompleteEmptyUploadID hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testCompleteEmptyUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testCompleteEmptyUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testConcurrentUploads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testConcurrentUploads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testDirectoryInTheWay hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testDirectoryInTheWay hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadAbort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadAbort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadEmptyPart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadEmptyPart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadReverseOrderNonContiguousPartNumbers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadReverseOrderNonContiguousPartNumbers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadReverseOrder hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUploadReverseOrder hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testMultipartUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testPutPartEmptyUploadID hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testPutPartEmptyUploadID hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testSingleUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testSingleUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testUploadEmptyBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractMultipartUploader#testUploadEmptyBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestContent] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestContent] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestExact] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestExact] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestPath] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestPath] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestReference] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChangedAndMoved[TestReference] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestContent] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestContent] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestExact] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestExact] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestPath] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestPath] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestReference] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testChanged[TestReference] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestContent] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestContent] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestExact] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestExact] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestPath] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestPath] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestReference] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testIdent[TestReference] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestContent] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestContent] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestExact] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestExact] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestPath] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestPath] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestReference] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractPathHandle#testMoved[TestReference] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.hdfs.TestHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[15] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[17] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[21] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[22] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[23] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[25] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[28] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[30] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[32] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#instrumentation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#instrumentation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServerNoACLs#testWithNoAcls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServerNoACLs#testWithNoAcls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServerNoXAttrs#testWithXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServerNoXAttrs#testWithXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateFileWithUnmaskedPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateFileWithUnmaskedPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshotNoSnapshotName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshotNoSnapshotName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperationsSsl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperationsSsl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDirAcls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDirAcls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDisallowSnapshotException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDisallowSnapshotException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testFileAcls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testFileAcls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiffIllegalParam hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiffIllegalParam hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshottableDirectoryList hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshottableDirectoryList hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetTrashRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGlobFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGlobFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testHdfsAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testHdfsAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testMkdirWithUnmaskedPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testMkdirWithUnmaskedPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testNoRedirect hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testNoRedirect hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testOpenOffsetLength hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testOpenOffsetLength hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testPerms hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testPerms hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testPutNoOperation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testPutNoOperation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.loadGenerator.TestLoadGenerator#testLoadGenerator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.loadGenerator.TestLoadGenerator#testLoadGenerator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclGeneralSBBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclGeneralSBBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclMovingFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclMovingFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclStickyBitPersistence hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testAclStickyBitPersistence hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testGeneralSBBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testGeneralSBBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testMovingFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testMovingFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitPersistence hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitPersistence hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitRecursiveDeleteDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitRecursiveDeleteDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitRecursiveDeleteFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitRecursiveDeleteFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitReset hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.permission.TestStickyBit#testStickyBitReset hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.shell.TestHdfsTextCommand#testDisplayForAvroFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.shell.TestHdfsTextCommand#testDisplayForAvroFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testClientMmapDisable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testClientMmapDisable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testFallbackRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testFallbackRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testHdfsFallbackReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testHdfsFallbackReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testShortZeroCopyReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testShortZeroCopyReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyMmapCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyMmapCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReadOfCachedData hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReadOfCachedData hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReadsNoFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReadsNoFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestEnhancedByteBufferAccess#testZeroCopyReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateNonRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateNonRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateNonRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateNonRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirNonRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirNonRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirNonRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirNonRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirsRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testMkdirsRecursiveWithExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsCreateMkdir#testWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testCreatePermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testCreatePermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testSetPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testSetPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testUgi hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsPermission#testUgi hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirClear hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirClear hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirMiddle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirMiddle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirOpen hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithExistingDirOpen hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirClear hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirClear hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirMiddle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirMiddle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirOpen hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testCreateRecursiveWithNonExistingDirOpen hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirClear hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirClear hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirMiddle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirMiddle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirOpen hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirRecursiveWithNonExistingDirOpen hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirClear hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirClear hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirMiddle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirMiddle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirOpen hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFcHdfsSetUMask#testMkdirWithExistingDirOpen hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestAny hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestAny hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestClosure5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestCombination hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestCombination hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestCurlyBracket hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestCurlyBracket hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestEscape hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestEscape hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestJavaRegexSpecialChars hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestJavaRegexSpecialChars hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestLiteral hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestLiteral hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestRange hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestRange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestSetExcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestSetExcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestSet hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#pTestSet hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testCRInPathGlob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testCRInPathGlob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobAccessDeniedOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobAccessDeniedOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobAccessDeniedOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobAccessDeniedOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobFillsInSchemeOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobFillsInSchemeOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobFillsInSchemeOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobFillsInSchemeOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobRootOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobRootOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobRootOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testGlobRootOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testLocalFilesystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testLocalFilesystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testMultiGlob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testMultiGlob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testNonTerminalGlobsOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testNonTerminalGlobsOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testNonTerminalGlobsOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testNonTerminalGlobsOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testPathFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testPathFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testPathFilterWithFixedLastComponent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testPathFilterWithFixedLastComponent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testRelativePathOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testRelativePathOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testRelativePathOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testRelativePathOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testReservedHdfsPathsOnFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testReservedHdfsPathsOnFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testReservedHdfsPathsOnFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestGlobPaths#testReservedHdfsPathsOnFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendCreateOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendCreateOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCrossFileSystemRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testCrossFileSystemRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteOnExitUnexisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteOnExitUnexisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEditsLogOldRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEditsLogOldRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEditsLogRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEditsLogRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEmptyCreateFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testEmptyCreateFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testFileContextStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testFileContextStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testFsStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testFsStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileContext1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileContext1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testIsValidNameInvalidNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testIsValidNameInvalidNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testListStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testNullCreateFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testNullCreateFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOldRenameWithQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOldRenameWithQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOpen2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOpen2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameToRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameToRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameWithQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testRenameWithQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testSetVerifyChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testSetVerifyChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testUnsupportedSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testUnsupportedSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestHDFSFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testFcDelegationToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testFcDelegationToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testFcResolveAfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testFcResolveAfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testLinkTargetNonExistent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testLinkTargetNonExistent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testLinkTargetNonSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestResolveHdfsSymlink#testLinkTargetNonSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsDisable#testSymlinkHdfsDisable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsDisable#testSymlinkHdfsDisable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkAbsTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkAbsTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkQualTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkQualTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkRelTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkRelTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessLinkFromAbstractFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testAccessLinkFromAbstractFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileDirExistingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileDirExistingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileViaDanglingLinkParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileViaDanglingLinkParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateFileViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkCanCreateParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkCanCreateParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkMaxPathLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkMaxPathLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDotDotPrefix hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDotDotPrefix hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDotDot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDotDot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToDot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToNullEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToNullEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingAbsPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingAbsPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingFullyQualPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingFullyQualPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingRelPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkUsingRelPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkViaLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateLinkViaLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateWithPartQualPathFails hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testCreateWithPartQualPathFails hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testDeleteLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testDeleteLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkAcrossFileSystems hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkAcrossFileSystems hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkStatusAndTargetWithNonLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testLinkStatusAndTargetWithNonLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testListStatusUsingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testListStatusUsingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testMkdirExistingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testMkdirExistingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testOpenResolvesLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testOpenResolvesLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRecursiveLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRecursiveLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameAcrossFileSystemsViaLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameAcrossFileSystemsViaLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToDanglingSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToDanglingSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirToSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToDanglingSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToDanglingSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToDestViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToDestViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileToSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileWithDestParentSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameFileWithDestParentSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkNonExistantDest hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkNonExistantDest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToDirItLinksTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToDirItLinksTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToFileItLinksTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToFileItLinksTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testRenameSymlinkViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetPermissionAffectsTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetPermissionAffectsTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetTimesSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetWDNotResolvesLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testSetWDNotResolvesLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatLinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatLinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatLinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatLinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatNonExistentFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatNonExistentFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatNonLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatNonLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatRelLinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatRelLinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testStatRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testUseLinkAferDeleteLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testUseLinkAferDeleteLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testWebHDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileContext#testWebHDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkAbsTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkAbsTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkQualTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkQualTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkRelTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testAccessFileViaInterSymlinkRelTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateFileDirExistingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateFileDirExistingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateFileViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateFileViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkCanCreateParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkCanCreateParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkMaxPathLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkMaxPathLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDotDotPrefix hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDotDotPrefix hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDotDot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDotDot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToDot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToNullEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToNullEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingAbsPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingAbsPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingFullyQualPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingFullyQualPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingPartQualPath2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingRelPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkUsingRelPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkViaLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testCreateLinkViaLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testDeleteLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testDeleteLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testIsFileClosed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testIsFileClosed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkAcrossFileSystems hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkAcrossFileSystems hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkStatusAndTargetWithNonLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testLinkStatusAndTargetWithNonLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testListStatusUsingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testListStatusUsingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testMkdirExistingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testMkdirExistingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testOpenResolvesLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testOpenResolvesLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRecoverLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRecoverLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRecursiveLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRecursiveLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameAcrossFileSystemsViaLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameAcrossFileSystemsViaLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToDanglingSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToDanglingSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirToSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameDirViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToDanglingSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToDanglingSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToDestViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToDestViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileToSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileWithDestParentSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameFileWithDestParentSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkNonExistantDest hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkNonExistantDest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToDirItLinksTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToDirItLinksTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToExistingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToFileItLinksTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToFileItLinksTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkViaSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testRenameSymlinkViaSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetPermissionAffectsTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetPermissionAffectsTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesSymlinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesSymlinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesSymlinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetTimesSymlinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetWDNotResolvesLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSetWDNotResolvesLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatLinkToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatLinkToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatLinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatLinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatNonExistentFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatNonExistentFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatNonLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatNonLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatRelLinkToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatRelLinkToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testStatRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testUseLinkAferDeleteLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testUseLinkAferDeleteLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testWebHDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestSymlinkHdfsFileSystem#testWebHDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUnbuffer#testOpenManyFilesViaTcp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUnbuffer#testOpenManyFilesViaTcp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUnbuffer#testUnbufferClosesSockets hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUnbuffer#testUnbufferClosesSockets hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUrlStreamHandler#testDfsUrls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestUrlStreamHandler#testDfsUrls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testBuilderCreateRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendCreateOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendCreateOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagAppendOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateAppendNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagCreateExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteNonExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testCreateFlagOverwriteNonExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteOnExitUnexisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteOnExitUnexisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testEmptyCreateFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testEmptyCreateFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testFileContextStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testFileContextStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testFsStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testFsStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileContext1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileContext1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testListStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testNullCreateFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testNullCreateFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testOpen2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testOpen2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testSetVerifyChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testSetVerifyChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testUnsupportedSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testUnsupportedSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestWebHdfsFileContextMainOperations#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testTrashRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemAtHdfsRoot#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testDf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testDf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyMostRecentRepair hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyMostRecentRepair hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAccorssFilesystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAccorssFilesystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testTrashRootsAfterEncryptionZoneDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testTrashRootsAfterEncryptionZoneDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testTrashRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallbackWithMountPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallbackWithMountPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallbackWithRegularLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkFallbackWithRegularLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testTrashRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testCheckOwnerWithFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testChildFileSystems hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testChildFileSystems hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlashWithMountPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlashWithMountPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlashWithRegularLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkMergeSlashWithRegularLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testConfLinkSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testCreateNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetAllStoragePolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalgetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testMkdirOfMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testRootReadableExecutable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testTrashRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testViewFileSystemUtil hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithAcls#testAclOnMountEntry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithAcls#testAclOnMountEntry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithTruncate#testTruncateWithViewFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithTruncate#testTruncateWithViewFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithXAttrs#testXAttrOnMountEntry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemWithXAttrs#testXAttrOnMountEntry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFileLinkStatusonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFileLinkStatusonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFileLinkStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFileLinkStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetLinkTargetOnNonLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testgetLinkTargetOnNonLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirExisting1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirExisting1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListLocatedStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListLocatedStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListStatusIterator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testListStatusIterator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testOwnerForInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testOwnerForInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRespectsServerDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testRespectsServerDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testServerDefaultsInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testServerDefaultsInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testSymlinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsAtHdfsRoot#testSymlinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetContentSummary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetContentSummary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetDefaultBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetDefaultBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetDefaultReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetDefaultReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsageWithQuotaDefined hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsageWithQuotaDefined hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsageWithStorageTypes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testGetQuotaUsageWithStorageTypes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testServerDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsDefaultValue#testServerDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs#testFileStatusSerialziation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs#testFileStatusSerialziation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testBasicPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testBasicPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testFileStatusOnMountLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFileLinkStatusonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFileLinkStatusonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFileLinkStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFileLinkStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFSonDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetLinkTargetOnNonLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testgetLinkTargetOnNonLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testGetMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateMissingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalCreateSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteNonExisting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttrsWithNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalGetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalListXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirExisting1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirExisting1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirExisting2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirExisting2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirNew hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalMkdirSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRename3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameFromSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalRenameToSlash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testInternalSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListLocatedStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListLocatedStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListOnInternalDirsOfMountTable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListStatusIterator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testListStatusIterator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testOperationsThroughMountLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testOwnerForInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testOwnerForInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRenameAcrossMounts4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathDanglingLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathInternalPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testResolvePathThroughMountPoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRespectsServerDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testRespectsServerDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testServerDefaultsInternalDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testServerDefaultsInternalDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testSymlinkTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsHdfs#testSymlinkTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsWithAcls#testAclOnMountEntry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsWithAcls#testAclOnMountEntry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsWithXAttrs#testXAttrOnMountEntry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFsWithXAttrs#testXAttrOnMountEntry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testFallbackFromShortCircuitToUnixDomainTraffic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testFallbackFromShortCircuitToUnixDomainTraffic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testMultipleWaitersOnShortCircuitCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testMultipleWaitersOnShortCircuitCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testPurgingClosedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testPurgingClosedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheShutdown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheTemporaryFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheTemporaryFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheUnbufferDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheUnbufferDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheUnbufferDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitCacheUnbufferDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitReadFromClientWithoutShm hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitReadFromClientWithoutShm hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitReadFromServerWithoutShm hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderFactory#testShortCircuitReadFromServerWithoutShm hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testBlockReaderLocalLegacyWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testBlockReaderLocalLegacyWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testBothOldAndNewShortCircuitConfigured hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testBothOldAndNewShortCircuitConfigured hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testStablePositionAfterCorruptRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocalLegacy#testStablePositionAfterCorruptRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2NoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalArrayReads2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReadsNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferFastLaneReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReadsNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalByteBufferReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalImmediateClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalImmediateClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalOnFileWithoutChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptStart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorruptStart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorrupt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadCorrupt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytesNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalReadZeroBytes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChangesNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderLocalWithMlockChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoChecksumNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsNoReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsShortReadahead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReadsShortReadahead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testBlockReaderSimpleReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testStatisticsForErasureCodingRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testStatisticsForErasureCodingRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#TestStatisticsForLocalRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#TestStatisticsForLocalRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#TestStatisticsForShortCircuitLocalRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#TestStatisticsForShortCircuitLocalRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderRemote#testSkip hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderRemote#testSkip hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testBlockVerification hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testBlockVerification hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testCompletePartialRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testCompletePartialRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testIncompleteRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testIncompleteRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testUnalignedReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestClientBlockVerification#testUnalignedReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testAvailable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testAvailable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testByteBufferRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testByteBufferRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testCombinedOp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testCombinedOp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testCryptoIV hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testCryptoIV hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testGetPos hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testGetPos hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testHasEnhancedByteBufferAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testHasEnhancedByteBufferAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testPositionedRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testPositionedRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testReadFully hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testReadFully hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSeekToNewSource hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSeekToNewSource hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSkip hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSkip hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSyncable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testSyncable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testUnbuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testUnbuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.crypto.TestHdfsCryptoStreams#testWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestClientAccessPrivilege#testClientAccessPrivilegeForRemove hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestClientAccessPrivilege#testClientAccessPrivilegeForRemove hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testHdfsExportPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testHdfsExportPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testHdfsInternalExportPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testHdfsInternalExportPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testInvalidFsExport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testInvalidFsExport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsInternalExportPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsInternalExportPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsMultipleExportPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsMultipleExportPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsRootExportPoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestExportsTable#testViewFsRootExportPoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestReaddir#testReaddirBasic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestReaddir#testReaddirBasic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestReaddir#testReaddirPlus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestReaddir#testReaddirPlus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testCommit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testCommit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testDeprecatedKeys hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testDeprecatedKeys hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testEncryptedReadWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testEncryptedReadWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testFsinfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testFsinfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testFsstat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testFsstat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testGetattr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testGetattr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testIdempotent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testIdempotent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testLookup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testLookup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testPathconf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testPathconf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReaddirplus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReaddirplus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReaddir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReaddir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReadlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testReadlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRemove hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRemove hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRmdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testRmdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testSetattr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testSetattr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestRpcProgramNfs3#testWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsAccessNN1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsAccessNN1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsAccessNN2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsAccessNN2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsRenameMultiNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsRenameMultiNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsRenameSingleNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsRenameSingleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsWriteNN1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsWriteNN1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsWriteNN2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNfsWriteNN2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNumExports hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testNumExports hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testWrongNfsAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestViewfsWithNfs3#testWrongNfsAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testOOOWrites hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testOOOWrites hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testOverlappingWrites hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testOverlappingWrites hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testWriteStableHow hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.nfs3.TestWrites#testWriteStableHow hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.TestMountd#testStart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.nfs.TestMountd#testStart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQJMWithFaults#testRandomized hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQJMWithFaults#testRecoverAfterDoubleFailures hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testChangeWritersLogsInSync hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testChangeWritersLogsOutOfSync1 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testChangeWritersLogsOutOfSync2 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testChangeWritersLogsOutOfSync3 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testCrashAtBeginningOfSegment hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testCrashBetweenSyncLogAndPersistPaxosData hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testInProgressRecovery hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testMissFinalizeAndNextStart hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins2 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOneJNMissingSegments hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment0 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment1 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment2 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testPurgeLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testReaderWhileAnotherWrites hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testRecoverAfterIncompleteRecovery hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSelectInputStreamsNotOnBoundary hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSelectViaRpcAfterJNRestart hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSingleWriter hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testJournalNodeSync hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testJournalNodeSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMissingLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMultipleMissingLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMultipleMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testRandomJournalMissingLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testRandomJournalMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntime hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntimeWithoutQJournalQueue hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntimeWithoutQJournalQueue hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNformat hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNformat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncDuringRollingUpgrade hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncDuringRollingUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForDiscontinuousMissingLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForDiscontinuousMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForMultipleMissingLogs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForMultipleMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNode#testHttpServer hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNode#testReturnsSegmentInfoAtEpochTransition hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testLogAndRestart hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testLogAndRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testMismatchedNNIsRejected hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testMismatchedNNIsRejected hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testNewNamenodeTakesOverWriter hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.TestNNWithQJM#testNewNamenodeTakesOverWriter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser#testDelegationTokenWithRealUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser#testDelegationTokenWithRealUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser#testWebHdfsDoAs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser#testWebHdfsDoAs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testAddDelegationTokensDFSApi hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testCancelDelegationToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDelegationTokenIdentifierToString hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDelegationTokenSecretManager hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDelegationTokenUgi hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDelegationTokenWebHdfsApi hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDelegationTokenWithDoAs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.token.block.TestBlockToken#testBlockTokenInLastLocatedBlockLegacy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.token.block.TestBlockToken#testBlockTokenInLastLocatedBlockLegacy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.token.block.TestBlockToken#testBlockTokenInLastLocatedBlockProtobuf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.token.block.TestBlockToken#testBlockTokenInLastLocatedBlockProtobuf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancer0 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancer0 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancer0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancer1 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancer2 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListInAFile hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeList hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPortsInAFile hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPorts hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListInAFile hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeList hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPortsInAFile hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPorts hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerDuringUpgrade hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithExcludeList hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithExcludeListWithPorts hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithIncludeList hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithIncludeListWithPorts hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithNonZeroThreadsForMove hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithPinnedBlocks hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithRamDisk hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithStripedFile hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithZeroThreadsForMove hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testExitZeroOnSuccess hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testManyBalancerSimultaneously hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testMaxIterationTime hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testMinBlockSizeAndSourceNodes hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testRackPolicyAfterBalance hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testTwoReplicaShouldNotInSameDN hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testUnknownDatanodeSimple hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testUpgradeDomainPolicyAfterBalance hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer1 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer2 hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithHANameNodes#testBalancerWithHANameNodes hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithHANameNodes#testBalancerWithHANameNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithHANameNodes#testBalancerWithHANameNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#test1OutOf2BlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#test1OutOf2BlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#test1OutOf2BlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing1OutOf2Blockpools hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing1OutOf2Blockpools hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing1OutOf2Blockpools hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancingBlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancingBlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancingBlockpoolsWithBlockPoolPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoFourTwo hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoFourTwo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoFourTwo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoOneOne hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoOneOne hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testTwoOneOne hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerEndInNoMoveProgress hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerWithNodeGroup hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerWithRackLocality hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestAvailableSpaceBlockPlacementPolicy#testChooseDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestAvailableSpaceBlockPlacementPolicy#testChooseTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestAvailableSpaceBlockPlacementPolicy#testPolicyReplacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[0:*] hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[1:*] hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[2:*] hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[3:*] hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[4:*] hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testAsyncIBR hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testAsyncIBR hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockManagerMachinesArray hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockManagerMachinesArray hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockReportQueueing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockReportQueueing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testNeededReconstructionWhileAppending hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testNeededReconstructionWhileAppending hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testPlacementPolicySatisfied hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testPlacementPolicySatisfied hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testStorageWithRemainingCapacity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testStorageWithRemainingCapacity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportLease#testCheckBlockReportLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportLease#testCheckBlockReportLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportRateLimiting#testLeaseExpiration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportRateLimiting#testLeaseExpiration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportRateLimiting#testRateLimitingDuringDataNodeStartup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockReportRateLimiting#testRateLimitingDuringDataNodeStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsJMX hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsJMX hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStats hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStats hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsWhenStorageFailed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsWhenStorageFailed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testCorruptBlockRereplicatedAcrossRacks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testCorruptBlockRereplicatedAcrossRacks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testNodeDecomissionRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testNodeDecomissionRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testNodeDecomissionWithOverreplicationRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testNodeDecomissionWithOverreplicationRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReduceReplFactorDueToRejoinRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReduceReplFactorDueToRejoinRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReduceReplFactorRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReduceReplFactorRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReplDueToNodeFailRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testReplDueToNodeFailRespectsRackPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testSufficientlyReplBlocksUsesNewRack hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testSufficientlyReplBlocksUsesNewRack hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testSufficientlySingleReplBlockUsesNewRack hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testSufficientlySingleReplBlockUsesNewRack hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testUnderReplicatedUsesNewRacks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlocksWithNotEnoughRacks#testUnderReplicatedUsesNewRacks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testEnd2End hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testEnd2End hdfs:Balancer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFS#testWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidateReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidateReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidateStripedBlockGroups hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidateStripedBlockGroups hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testComputeInvalidate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testDatanodeReformat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testDatanodeReformat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testDatanodeReRegistration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestComputeInvalidateWork#testDatanodeReRegistration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestHeartbeatHandling#testHeartbeatBlockRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestHeartbeatHandling#testHeartbeatBlockRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestHeartbeatHandling#testHeartbeat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestHeartbeatHandling#testHeartbeat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testNameNodePrunesUnreportedStorages hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testNameNodePrunesUnreportedStorages hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testRemovingStorageDoesNotProduceZombies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testRemovingStorageDoesNotProduceZombies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testRenamingStorageIds hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testRenamingStorageIds hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testStorageWithBlocksIsNotPruned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testStorageWithBlocksIsNotPruned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testUnusedStorageIsPruned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages#testUnusedStorageIsPruned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNodeCount#testNodeCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestNodeCount#testNodeCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testChooseReplicaToDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testChooseReplicaToDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testInvalidateOverReplicatedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testInvalidateOverReplicatedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testProcesOverReplicateBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testProcesOverReplicateBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingDataNodeMessages#testPendingDataNodeMessagesWithEC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingDataNodeMessages#testPendingDataNodeMessagesWithEC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingInvalidateBlock#testPendingDeleteUnknownBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingInvalidateBlock#testPendingDeleteUnknownBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingInvalidateBlock#testPendingDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingInvalidateBlock#testPendingDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testBlockReceived hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testBlockReceived hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testPendingAndInvalidate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testPendingAndInvalidate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testProcessPendingReconstructions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testProcessPendingReconstructions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testReplicationCounter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testReplicationCounter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testBlockInvalidationWhenRBWReplicaMissedInDN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testBlockInvalidationWhenRBWReplicaMissedInDN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testRWRInvalidation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testRWRInvalidation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testRWRShouldNotAddedOnDNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestRBWBlockInvalidation#testRWRShouldNotAddedOnDNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testChooseExcessReplicasToDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testChooseExcessReplicasToDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructForNotEnoughRacks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructForNotEnoughRacks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructionWithDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructionWithDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyConsiderLoad#testChooseTargetWithDecomNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyConsiderLoad#testChooseTargetWithDecomNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyConsiderLoad#testConsiderLoadFactor[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyConsiderLoad#testConsiderLoadFactor[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAddStoredBlockDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAddStoredBlockDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAvoidLocalWrite[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAvoidLocalWrite[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAvoidLocalWriteNoEnoughNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testAvoidLocalWriteNoEnoughNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChoooseTarget4[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChoooseTarget4[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseExcessReplicaApartFromFavoredNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseExcessReplicaApartFromFavoredNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseLowRedundancyBlocks[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseLowRedundancyBlocks[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseNodeWithMultipleStorages1[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseNodeWithMultipleStorages1[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseNodeWithMultipleStorages2[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseNodeWithMultipleStorages2[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseReplicasToDelete[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseReplicasToDelete[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseReplicaToDelete[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseReplicaToDelete[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget1[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget1[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget2[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget2[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget3[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget3[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget5[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget5[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget6[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTarget6[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithHalfStaleNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithHalfStaleNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanAvailableNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanAvailableNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanAvailableNodesWithStaleness[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanAvailableNodesWithStaleness[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanHalfStaleNodes[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanHalfStaleNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanHalfStaleNodes[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithMoreThanHalfStaleNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithStaleNodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testChooseTargetWithStaleNodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testConvertLastBlockToUnderConstructionDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testConvertLastBlockToUnderConstructionDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration_GreaterThanOne[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration_GreaterThanOne[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration_NegativeValue[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetInvalidateWorkPctPerIteration_NegativeValue[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetReplWorkMultiplier[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testGetReplWorkMultiplier[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testIsMovable[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testIsMovable[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testMaxLoad[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testMaxLoad[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testReplicationWithPriority[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testReplicationWithPriority[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testReplicationWithPriority[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testReplicationWithPriority[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate1[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate1[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate2[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate2[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate3[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testRereplicate3[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testUpdateDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testUpdateDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testupdateNeededReplicationsDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testupdateNeededReplicationsDoesNotCauseSkippedReplication[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testUseDelHint[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicy#testUseDelHint[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseFavoredNodesNodeGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseMoreTargetsThanNodeGroups hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseRemainingReplicasApartFromFavoredNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseReplicaToDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTarget1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTarget2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTarget3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTarget4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTarget5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTargetAsFavouredNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTargetForLocalStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTargetsOnBoundaryTopology hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testChooseTargetWithDependencies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testRereplicate1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testRereplicate2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testRereplicate3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testRereplicateOnBoundaryTopology hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithNodeGroup#testVerifyBlockPlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testChooseReplicasToDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testChooseTarget1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testChooseTargetWithExcludeNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testChooseTargetWithoutEnoughReplica hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testIsMovable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReplicationPolicyWithUpgradeDomain#testVerifyBlockPlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testBlockGroupIdGeneration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testBlockGroupIdGeneration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollision hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollision hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollisionWithLegacyBlockId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollisionWithLegacyBlockId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockId#testBlockIdGeneration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockId#testBlockIdGeneration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockId#testTriggerBlockIdCollision hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockId#testTriggerBlockIdCollision hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSlowDiskTracker#testDataNodeHeartbeatSlowDiskReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSlowDiskTracker#testDataNodeHeartbeatSlowDiskReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestUnderReplicatedBlocks#testNumberOfBlocksToBeReplicated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestUnderReplicatedBlocks#testNumberOfBlocksToBeReplicated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestUnderReplicatedBlocks#testSetRepIncWithUnderReplicatedBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestUnderReplicatedBlocks#testSetRepIncWithUnderReplicatedBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestDatanodeRestart#testFinalizedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestDatanodeRestart#testFinalizedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestDatanodeRestart#testWaitForRegistrationOnRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestDatanodeRestart#testWaitForRegistrationOnRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testAddVolumeWithSameStorageUuid hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testAddVolumeWithSameStorageUuid hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testBlockReadOpWhileMovingBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testBlockReadOpWhileMovingBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testCleanShutdownOfVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testCleanShutdownOfVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testDeletingBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testDeletingBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testMoveBlockFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testMoveBlockFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testMoveBlockSuccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testMoveBlockSuccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testReportBadBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsDatasetImpl#testReportBadBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsVolumeList#testAddRplicaProcessorForAddingReplicaInMap hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestFsVolumeList#testAddRplicaProcessorForAddingReplicaInMap hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testBlockMetaDataInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testBlockMetaDataInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testBlockMetaDataInfoWithHostname hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testBlockMetaDataInfoWithHostname hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testUpdateReplicaUnderRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestInterDatanodeProtocol#testUpdateReplicaUnderRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testAppendIsDenied hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testAppendIsDenied hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testConcurrentRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testConcurrentRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testConcurrentWrites hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testConcurrentWrites hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testCorruptFilesAreDiscarded hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testCorruptFilesAreDiscarded hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testDisableLazyPersistFileScrubber hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testDisableLazyPersistFileScrubber hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testFileShouldNotDiscardedIfNNRestarted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testFileShouldNotDiscardedIfNNRestarted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testTruncateIsDenied hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistFiles#testTruncateIsDenied hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReleaseOnEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReleaseOnEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReleaseOnFileDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReleaseOnFileDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReservation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testReservation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testShortBlockFinalized hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testShortBlockFinalized hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testWithNoLockedMemory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testWithNoLockedMemory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testWritePipelineFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistLockedMemory#testWritePipelineFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyNotSetByDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyNotSetByDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPersistenceInEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPersistenceInEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPersistenceInFsImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPersistenceInFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPropagation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistPolicy#testPolicyPropagation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDiskFull hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDiskFull hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDiskPartial hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDiskPartial hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDisk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testFallbackToDisk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testPlacementOnRamDisk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testPlacementOnRamDisk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testPlacementOnSizeLimitedRamDisk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testPlacementOnSizeLimitedRamDisk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testRamDiskNotChosenByDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testRamDiskNotChosenByDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testSynchronousEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaPlacement#testSynchronousEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaRecovery#testDnRestartWithSavedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaRecovery#testDnRestartWithSavedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaRecovery#testDnRestartWithUnsavedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyPersistReplicaRecovery#testDnRestartWithUnsavedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDeleteAfterPersist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDeleteAfterPersist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDeleteBeforePersist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDeleteBeforePersist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDfsUsageCreateDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testDfsUsageCreateDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testLazyPersistBlocksAreSaved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testLazyPersistBlocksAreSaved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testRamDiskEvictionBeforePersist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testRamDiskEvictionBeforePersist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testRamDiskEvictionIsLru hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testRamDiskEvictionIsLru hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testSynchronousEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestLazyWriter#testSynchronousEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestProvidedImpl#testProvidedReplicaWithPathHandle hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestProvidedImpl#testProvidedReplicaWithPathHandle hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#tesScrDuringEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#tesScrDuringEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrAfterEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrAfterEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrBlockFileCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrBlockFileCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrMetaFileCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testLegacyScrMetaFileCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testRamDiskShortCircuitRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testRamDiskShortCircuitRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrAfterEviction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrAfterEviction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrBlockFileCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrBlockFileCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrMetaFileCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestScrLazyPersistFiles#testScrMetaFileCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#stressTest hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#stressTest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testRBWFileCreationError hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testRBWFileCreationError hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForLeaseRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForLeaseRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForPipelineRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceForPipelineRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceInJMXBean hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testReservedSpaceInJMXBean hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testSpaceReleasedOnUnexpectedEof hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testSpaceReleasedOnUnexpectedEof hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testTmpSpaceReserve hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testTmpSpaceReserve hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithDefaultBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithDefaultBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithLimitedSpace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithLimitedSpace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithNonDefaultBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestSpaceReservation#testWithNonDefaultBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testRecoverInconsistentRbw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testRecoverInconsistentRbw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testReplicaMapAfterDatanodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testReplicaMapAfterDatanodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testWriteToRbw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testWriteToRbw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testWriteToTemporary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.fsdataset.impl.TestWriteToReplica#testWriteToTemporary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBatchIbr#testIbr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBatchIbr#testIbr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockCountersInPendingIBR#testBlockCounters hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockCountersInPendingIBR#testBlockCounters hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockHasMultipleReplicasOnSameDN#testBlockHasMultipleReplicasOnSameDN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockHasMultipleReplicasOnSameDN#testBlockHasMultipleReplicasOnSameDN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testErrorReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testFailedReplicaUpdate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testFinalizedRbwReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testFinalizedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testFinalizedRwrReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testInitReplicaRecoveryDoesNotHoldLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testNoReplicaUnderRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testNotMatchedReplicaID hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRaceBetweenReplicaRecoveryAndFinalizeBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRaceBetweenReplicaRecoveryAndFinalizeBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRBWReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRBW_RWRReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoverAppendDoesNotHoldLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoverCloseDoesNotHoldLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryInProgressException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoverySlowerThanHeartbeat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoverySlowerThanHeartbeat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryWillIgnoreMinReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryWillIgnoreMinReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRURReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRWRReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testSafeLength hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testZeroLenReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockMoveAcrossStorageInSameNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockMoveAcrossStorageInSameNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockReplacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockReplacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockReplacementWithPinnedBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testBlockReplacementWithPinnedBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testDeletedBlockWhenAddBlockIsInEdit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockReplacement#testDeletedBlockWhenAddBlockIsInEdit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testAppendWhileScanning hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testAppendWhileScanning hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testCorruptBlockHandling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testCorruptBlockHandling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testDatanodeCursor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testDatanodeCursor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testDisableVolumeScanner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testDisableVolumeScanner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testIgnoreMisplacedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testIgnoreMisplacedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testMarkSuspectBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testMarkSuspectBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testMultipleBlockPoolScanning hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testMultipleBlockPoolScanning hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanAllBlocksNoRescan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanAllBlocksNoRescan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanAllBlocksWithRescan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanAllBlocksWithRescan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanRateLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testScanRateLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testVolumeIteratorWithCaching hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testVolumeIteratorWithCaching hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testVolumeIteratorWithoutCaching hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockScanner#testVolumeIteratorWithoutCaching hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testClientDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testClientDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testFadviseAfterWriteThenRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testFadviseAfterWriteThenRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testFadviseSkippedForSmallReads hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testFadviseSkippedForSmallReads hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testNoFadviseAfterWriteThenRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testNoFadviseAfterWriteThenRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testSeekAfterSetDropBehind hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCachingStrategy#testSeekAfterSetDropBehind hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCorruptMetadataFile#testReadBlockFailsWhenMetaIsCorrupt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestCorruptMetadataFile#testReadBlockFailsWhenMetaIsCorrupt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeECN#testECNFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeECN#testECNFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testFullBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testFullBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeExit#testBPServiceExit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeExit#testBPServiceExit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeExit#testSendOOBToPeers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeExit#testSendOOBToPeers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeFaultInjector#testDelaySendingAckToUpstream hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeFaultInjector#testDelaySendingAckToUpstream hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeFaultInjector#testDelaySendingPacketDownstream hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeFaultInjector#testDelaySendingPacketDownstream hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddBackRemovedVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddBackRemovedVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddOneNewVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddOneNewVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumeFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumeFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesConcurrently hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesConcurrently hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesDuringWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesDuringWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesToFederationNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testAddVolumesToFederationNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testDirectlyReloadAfterCheckDiskError hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testDirectlyReloadAfterCheckDiskError hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testFullBlockReportAfterRemovingVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testFullBlockReportAfterRemovingVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseChangedVolumesFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseChangedVolumesFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseChangedVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseChangedVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseStorageTypeChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testParseStorageTypeChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testReAddVolumeWithBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testReAddVolumeWithBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveOneVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveOneVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveVolumeBeingWritten hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveVolumeBeingWritten hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testReplicatingAfterRemoveVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testReplicatingAfterRemoveVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeInitStorage#testDataNodeInitStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeInitStorage#testDataNodeInitStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testLifelineForDeadNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testLifelineForDeadNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testNoLifelineSentIfHeartbeatsOnTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testNoLifelineSentIfHeartbeatsOnTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testSendLifelineIfHeartbeatBlocked hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeLifeline#testSendLifelineIfHeartbeatBlocked hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetricsLogger#testDisableMetricsLogger hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetricsLogger#testMetricsLoggerIsAsync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetricsLogger#testMetricsLoggerOnByDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetricsLogger#testMetricsLogOutput hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDatanodeActiveXceiversCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDatanodeActiveXceiversCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDatanodeBlocksReplicatedMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDatanodeBlocksReplicatedMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDataNodeMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDataNodeMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDataNodeTimeSpend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDataNodeTimeSpend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDNShouldNotDeleteBlockONTooManyOpenFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testDNShouldNotDeleteBlockONTooManyOpenFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testReceivePacketMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testReceivePacketMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testRoundTripAckMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testRoundTripAckMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testSendDataPacketMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testSendDataPacketMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testTimeoutMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMetrics#testTimeoutMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#test2NNRegistration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#test2NNRegistration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testClusterIdMismatchAtStartupWithHA hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testClusterIdMismatchAtStartupWithHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testClusterIdMismatch hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testDNWithInvalidStorageWithHA hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testDNWithInvalidStorageWithHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testFedSingleNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testFedSingleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testMiniDFSClusterWithMultipleNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMultipleRegistrations#testMiniDFSClusterWithMultipleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanBlockCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanBlockCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanSecurityEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanSecurityEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanSlowDisksEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBeanSlowDisksEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBean hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeMXBean#testDataNodeMXBean hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDatanodeProtocolRetryPolicy#testDatanodeRegistrationRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversGreaterThanDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversGreaterThanDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversLessThanDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversLessThanDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testMaxConcurrentMoversReconfiguration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testMaxConcurrentMoversReconfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodePeersXceiver hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodePeersXceiver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRollingUpgradeWithFinalize hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRollingUpgradeWithRollback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRollingUpgradeWithRollback hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRollingUpgradeWithRollback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRUwithRegularUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRUwithRegularUpgrade hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testDatanodeRUwithRegularUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testWithLayoutChangeAndFinalize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testWithLayoutChangeAndFinalize hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testWithLayoutChangeAndRollback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testWithLayoutChangeAndRollback hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeRollingUpgrade#testWithLayoutChangeAndRollback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTcpNoDelay#testTcpNoDelayDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTcpNoDelay#testTcpNoDelayDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTcpNoDelay#testTcpNoDelayEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTcpNoDelay#testTcpNoDelayEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTransferSocketSize#testAutoTuningDataSocketSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTransferSocketSize#testAutoTuningDataSocketSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTransferSocketSize#testSpecifiedDataSocketSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeTransferSocketSize#testSpecifiedDataSocketSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeUUID#testDatanodeUuid hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeUUID#testUUIDRegeneration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeUUID#testUUIDRegeneration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testAutoFormatEmptyBlockPoolDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testAutoFormatEmptyBlockPoolDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testAutoFormatEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testAutoFormatEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testDataNodeReconfigureWithVolumeFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testDataNodeReconfigureWithVolumeFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testHotSwapOutFailedVolumeAndReporting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testHotSwapOutFailedVolumeAndReporting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testMultipleVolFailuresOnNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testMultipleVolFailuresOnNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testSuccessiveVolumeFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testSuccessiveVolumeFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testVolFailureStatsPreservedOnNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testVolFailureStatsPreservedOnNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDataNodeFailToStartWithVolumeFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDataNodeFailToStartWithVolumeFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDataNodeShutdownAfterNumFailedVolumeExceedsTolerated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDataNodeShutdownAfterNumFailedVolumeExceedsTolerated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNFailToStartWithDataDirNonWritable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNFailToStartWithDataDirNonWritable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNStartAndTolerateOneDataDirNonWritable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNStartAndTolerateOneDataDirNonWritable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNStartAndTolerateOneVolumeFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDNStartAndTolerateOneVolumeFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDnStartsAfterDiskErrorScanningBlockPool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testDnStartsAfterDiskErrorScanningBlockPool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testFailedVolumeBeingRemovedFromDataNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testFailedVolumeBeingRemovedFromDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testTolerateVolumeFailuresAfterAddingMoreVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testTolerateVolumeFailuresAfterAddingMoreVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testUnderReplicationAfterVolFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testUnderReplicationAfterVolFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testVolumeFailureRecoveredByHotSwappingVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testVolumeFailureRecoveredByHotSwappingVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testVolumeFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailure#testVolumeFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testConfigureMinValidVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testConfigureMinValidVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testFailedVolumeOnStartupIsCounted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testFailedVolumeOnStartupIsCounted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testValidVolumesAtStartup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testValidVolumesAtStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testVolumeAndTolerableConfiguration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration#testVolumeAndTolerableConfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeMetrics#testVolumeMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeMetrics#testVolumeMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeMetrics#testVolumeMetricsWithVolumeDepartureArrival hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeMetrics#testVolumeMetricsWithVolumeDepartureArrival hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDeleteBlockPool#testDeleteBlockPool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDeleteBlockPool#testDeleteBlockPool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDeleteBlockPool#testDfsAdminDeleteBlockPool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDeleteBlockPool#testDfsAdminDeleteBlockPool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDeleteBlockOnTransientStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDeleteBlockOnTransientStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDirectoryScannerInFederatedCluster hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDirectoryScannerInFederatedCluster hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDirectoryScanner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testDirectoryScanner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testExceptionHandlingWhileDirectoryScan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testExceptionHandlingWhileDirectoryScan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testRetainBlockOnPersistentStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testRetainBlockOnPersistentStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testScanDirectoryStructureWarn hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testScanDirectoryStructureWarn hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testThrottling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDirectoryScanner#testThrottling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testDataTransferWhenBytesPerChecksumIsZero hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testDataTransferWhenBytesPerChecksumIsZero hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testLocalDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testLocalDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testReplicationError hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testReplicationError hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testShutdown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testAlwaysSplit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testAlwaysSplit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testCornerCaseAtThreshold hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testCornerCaseAtThreshold hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testCornerCaseUnderThreshold hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDnRespectsBlockReportSplitThreshold#testCornerCaseUnderThreshold hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCacheRevocation#testPinning hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCacheRevocation#testPinning hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCacheRevocation#testRevocation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCacheRevocation#testRevocation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testCacheAndUncacheBlockSimple hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testCacheAndUncacheBlockSimple hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testCacheAndUncacheBlockWithRetries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testCacheAndUncacheBlockWithRetries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testFilesExceedMaxLockedMemory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testFilesExceedMaxLockedMemory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testPageRounder hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testPageRounder hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testReCacheAfterUncache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testReCacheAfterUncache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncacheQuiesces hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncacheQuiesces hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncacheUnknownBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncacheUnknownBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncachingBlocksBeforeCachingFinishes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestFsDatasetCache#testUncachingBlocksBeforeCachingFinishes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncBlockBoundary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncBlockBoundary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncWithReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testHSyncWithReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testSequenceFileSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestHSync#testSequenceFileSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReplaceReceivedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReplaceReceivedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReportBlockDeleted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReportBlockDeleted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReportBlockReceived hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBlockReports#testReportBlockReceived hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testCombinedIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testCombinedIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testDataNodeDoesNotSplitReports hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testDataNodeDoesNotSplitReports hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testNnLearnsNewStorages hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testNnLearnsNewStorages hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testSplitIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestIncrementalBrVariations#testSplitIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestLargeBlockReport#testBlockReportExceedsLengthLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestLargeBlockReport#testBlockReportExceedsLengthLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestLargeBlockReport#testBlockReportSucceedsWithLargerLengthLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestLargeBlockReport#testBlockReportSucceedsWithLargerLengthLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_02 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_02 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_04 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_04 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_06 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_06 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_07 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_07 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_08 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_08 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_09 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#blockReport_09 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#testInterleavedBlockReports hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#testInterleavedBlockReports hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#testOneReplicaRbwReportArrivesAfterBlockCompleted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesBlockReportPerStorage#testOneReplicaRbwReportArrivesAfterBlockCompleted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_02 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_02 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_04 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_04 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_06 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_06 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_07 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_07 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_08 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_08 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_09 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#blockReport_09 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#testInterleavedBlockReports hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#testInterleavedBlockReports hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#testOneReplicaRbwReportArrivesAfterBlockCompleted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestNNHandlesCombinedBlockReport#testOneReplicaRbwReportArrivesAfterBlockCompleted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testNormalReplicaOffline hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testNormalReplicaOffline hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testReadOnlyReplicaCorrupt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testReadOnlyReplicaCorrupt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testReplicaCounting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestReadOnlySharedStorage#testReplicaCounting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestRefreshNamenodes#testRefreshNamenodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestStorageReport#testStorageReportHasStorageTypeAndState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestStorageReport#testStorageReportHasStorageTypeAndState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTransferRbw#testTransferRbw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTransferRbw#testTransferRbw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTriggerBlockReport#testTriggerFullBlockReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTriggerBlockReport#testTriggerFullBlockReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTriggerBlockReport#testTriggerIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestTriggerBlockReport#testTriggerIncrementalBlockReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.web.TestDatanodeHttpXFrame#testDataNodeXFrameOptionsEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.web.TestDatanodeHttpXFrame#testDataNodeXFrameOptionsEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.web.TestDatanodeHttpXFrame#testNameNodeXFrameOptionsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.web.TestDatanodeHttpXFrame#testNameNodeXFrameOptionsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testCancelCommand hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidity hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidityWithException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidityWithException hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidityWithException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecutePlanValidityWithOutUnitException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecutePlanValidityWithOutUnitException hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecutePlanValidityWithOutUnitException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerForceExecute hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerForceExecute hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerForceExecute hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerQueryWithoutSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerQueryWithoutSubmit hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerQueryWithoutSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testExceptionOnInvalidArguments hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testGetNodeList hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testGetNodeList hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testHelpCommand hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testIllegalArgument hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPlanJsonNode hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPlanNode hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testQueryCommand hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReadClusterFromJson hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReadClusterFromJson hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportCommandWithInvalidHostFilePath hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportCommandWithInvalidNode hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportCommandWithMultipleNodes hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportCommandWithNullNodes hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportCommandWithReadingHostFile hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportInvalidTopLimit hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportLessThanTotal hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportMoreThanTotal hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportNode hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportNodeWithoutJson hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportSimple hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportWithGenericOptionFS hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testReportWithNegativeTopLimit hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testRunMultipleCommandsUnderOneSetup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testRunMultipleCommandsUnderOneSetup hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testRunMultipleCommandsUnderOneSetup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testSubmitPlanInNonRegularStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testSubmitPlanInNonRegularStatus hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testSubmitPlanInNonRegularStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestConnectors#testJsonConnector hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestConnectors#testJsonConnector hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestConnectors#testNameNodeConnector hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestConnectors#testNameNodeConnector hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelEmptyPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelEmptyPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelNonExistentPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelNonExistentPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testCancelPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testgetDiskBalancerBandwidth hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testgetDiskBalancerBandwidth hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testGetDiskBalancerInvalidSetting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testGetDiskBalancerInvalidSetting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testGetDiskBalancerVolumeMapping hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testGetDiskBalancerVolumeMapping hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testMoveBlockAcrossVolume hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testMoveBlockAcrossVolume hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testQueryPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testQueryPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testQueryPlanWithoutSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testQueryPlanWithoutSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidHash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidHash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidVersion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerRPC#testSubmitPlanWithInvalidVersion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testBalanceDataBetweenMultiplePairsOfVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testBalanceDataBetweenMultiplePairsOfVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerEndToEnd hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerEndToEnd hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerNameNodeConnectivity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerNameNodeConnectivity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWithFedClusterWithOneNameServiceEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWithFedClusterWithOneNameServiceEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWithFederatedCluster hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWithFederatedCluster hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCancelDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCancelDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCustomBandwidth hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCustomBandwidth hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testResubmitDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testResubmitDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitDiskBalancerPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithInvalidHash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithInvalidHash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithNullPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithNullPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithOlderPlan hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithOlderPlan hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithOldInvalidVersion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testSubmitWithOldInvalidVersion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testDisabling hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testMetrics hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestDisableNameservices#testWithoutDisabling hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testHashAll hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testRandomAll hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterAllResolver#testSpaceAll hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testOverloadControl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testOverloadControl hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testWithoutOverloadControl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterClientRejectOverload#testWithoutOverloadControl hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testListFilesTime hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterMountTable#testReadOnly hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeHeartbeat#testHearbeat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeHeartbeat#testHearbeat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeHeartbeat#testNamenodeHeartbeatService hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeHeartbeat#testNamenodeHeartbeatService hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testGetQuota hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testNamespaceQuotaExceed hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshAfterQuotaExceed hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaRefreshWhenDestinationNotPresent hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaSynchronization hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testQuotaUpdating hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testSetQuota hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStaleQuotaRemoving hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterQuota#testStorageSpaceQuotaaExceed hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testNamenodeMetricsSlow hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenAllNameServiceDown hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRPCClientRetries#testRetryWhenOneNameServiceDown hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testErasureCoding hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyAppend hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetStats hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetStats hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetStats hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyMkdir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetReplication hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testRpcService hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testRpcService hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpcMultiDestination#testRpcService hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testErasureCoding hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testNamenodeMetrics hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyAppend hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChmodFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyChownFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyConcatFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyCreateFileAlternateUser hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyExceptionMessages hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetAdditionalDatanode hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockKeys hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlockLocations hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetBlocks hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeReport hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetFileInfoAcessException hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetMostRecentCheckpointTxId hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetPreferedBlockSize hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetStats hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetStats hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetStats hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyGetTransactionID hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyListFilesWithConflict hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyMkdir hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRenameFiles hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetReplication hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyStoragePolicy hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyTruncateFile hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testProxyVersionRequest hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testRpcService hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testRpcService hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterRpc#testRpcService hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestSafeMode#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestSafeMode#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestSafeMode#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:Router
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testFetchErrors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testFetchErrors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testInsert hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testInsert hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testUpdate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.store.driver.TestStateStoreFileSystem#testUpdate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testBalancerMaxIterationTimeNotAffectMover hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverCli hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverCliWithFederationHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverCliWithFederation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverCliWithHAConf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverFailedRetry hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverFailedRetryWithPinnedBlocks hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverWhenStoragePolicyUnset hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverWithPinnedBlocks hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverWithStripedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverWithStripedFile hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoveWhenStoragePolicyNotSatisfying hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoveWhenStoragePolicySatisfierIsRunning hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoveWhenStoragePolicySatisfierIsRunning hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoveWhenStoragePolicySatisfierIsRunning hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testScheduleBlockWithinSameNode hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testScheduleSameBlock hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testTwoReplicaSameStorageTypeShouldNotSelect hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testWithFederateClusterWithinSameNode hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testWithFederatedCluster hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testWithFederatedHACluster hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testHotWarmColdDirs hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testMigrateFileToArchival hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testMigrateOpenFileToArchival hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testMoveSpecificPaths hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testNoSpaceArchive hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestStorageMover#testNoSpaceDisk hdfs:Mover
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testDownloadingLaterCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testOtherNodeNotActive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testRateThrottling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testSharedEditsMissingLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testStandbyDirsAlreadyExist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testSuccessfulBaseCase hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithActiveNN hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithActiveNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithStandbyNN hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithStandbyNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgrade hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithFormat hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithFormat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithRecover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithRecover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncLongPeriod hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncLongPeriod hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod0 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod5 hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testCallFromNewClient hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testCallFromNewClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testExplicitMsync hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testExplicitMsync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testMsyncSimple hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testMsyncSimple hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testRequeueCall hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testRequeueCall hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testUncoordinatedCall hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testUncoordinatedCall hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testCancelAndUpdateDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testDelegationTokenDFSApi hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testDelegationTokenDuringNNFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testDelegationTokenWithDoAs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testDFSGetCanonicalServiceName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testHAUtilClonesDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testHdfsGetCanonicalServiceName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDelegationTokensWithHA#testObserverReadProxyProviderWithDT hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testCannotFinalizeIfNoActive hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testCannotFinalizeIfNoActive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testCannotUpgradeSecondNameNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeFromSecondNameNodeWithJournalNodes hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeFromSecondNameNodeWithJournalNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeWithJournalNodes hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeWithJournalNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testNfsUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithJournalNodes hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithJournalNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithNfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testStartingWithUpgradeInProgressSucceeds hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testUpgradeWithJournalNodes hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testUpgradeWithJournalNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testBlockReportsWhileFileBeingWritten hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testBlockReportsWhileFileBeingWritten hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testDnFencing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testDnFencing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testNNClearsCommandsOnFailoverAfterStartup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testNNClearsCommandsOnFailoverAfterStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testNNClearsCommandsOnFailoverWithReplChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testNNClearsCommandsOnFailoverWithReplChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testQueueingWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testQueueingWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testRBWReportArrivesAfterEdits hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencing#testRBWReportArrivesAfterEdits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencingWithReplication#testFencingStress hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencingWithReplication#testFencingStress hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogsDuringFailover#testFailoverFinalizesAndReadsInProgressSimple hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogsDuringFailover#testFailoverFinalizesAndReadsInProgressWithPartialTxAtEnd hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogsDuringFailover#testStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN0TriggersLogRolls[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN0TriggersLogRolls[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN1TriggersLogRolls[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN1TriggersLogRolls[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN2TriggersLogRolls[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN2TriggersLogRolls[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditLogIOExceptionForRemoteNN[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditLogIOExceptionForRemoteNN[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditTimeoutForActiveNN[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditTimeoutForActiveNN[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testStandbyTriggersLogRollsWhenTailInProgressEdits[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testStandbyTriggersLogRollsWhenTailInProgressEdits[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testTailer[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testTailer[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testTriggersLogRollsForAllStandbyNN[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testTriggersLogRollsForAllStandbyNN[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#ensureInvalidBlockTokensAreRejected hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#ensureInvalidBlockTokensAreRejected hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#ensureSerialNumbersNeverOverlap hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#ensureSerialNumbersNeverOverlap hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#TestFailoverAfterAccessKeyUpdate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#TestFailoverAfterAccessKeyUpdate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#testFailoverAfterRegistration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#testFailoverAfterRegistration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#testSerialNumberMaskMatchIndex hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailoverWithBlockTokensEnabled#testSerialNumberMaskMatchIndex hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureOfSharedDir#testFailureOfSharedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[1] hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[1] hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[1] hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testExistingInterleavedWithNonExistentUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testExistingUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testMultipleExistingUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testMultipleNonExistingUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testNonExistentUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestGetGroupsWithHA#testNoUserGiven hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAAppend#testMultipleAppendsDuringCatchupTailing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAAppend#testMultipleAppendsDuringCatchupTailing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAFsck#testHaFsck hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHarFileSystemWithHA#testHarUriWithHaUriWithNoPort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHarFileSystemWithHA#testHarUriWithHaUriWithNoPort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedBeforeStandbyRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedBeforeStandbyRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileStandbyIsDown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileStandbyIsDown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksDeletedInEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksDeletedInEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedBeforeStandbyRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedBeforeStandbyRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeModeEditsArriveFirst hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeModeEditsArriveFirst hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testClientRetrySafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testClientRetrySafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testComplexFailoverIntoSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testComplexFailoverIntoSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInANNShouldNotThrowNPE hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInANNShouldNotThrowNPE hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInSBNShouldNotThrowNPE hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInSBNShouldNotThrowNPE hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testIsInSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testIsInSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testNoPopulatingReplQueuesWhenExitingSafemode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testNoPopulatingReplQueuesWhenExitingSafemode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testNoPopulatingReplQueuesWhenStartingActiveInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testNoPopulatingReplQueuesWhenStartingActiveInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testOpenFileWhenNNAndClientCrashAfterAddBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testOpenFileWhenNNAndClientCrashAfterAddBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeBlockTracking2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeBlockTracking2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeBlockTracking hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeBlockTracking hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeModeExitAfterTransition hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testSafeModeExitAfterTransition hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testDelegationTokensAfterFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testFailoverWithEmptyInProgressEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testFailoverWithEmptyInProgressEditLogWithHeader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testIsAtLeastOneActive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testLeasesRenewedOnTransition hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testLeasesRenewedOnTransition hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testManualFailoverAndFailback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testManualFailoverAndFailback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testManualFailoverFailbackFederationHA hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testManualFailoverFailbackFederationHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testSecretManagerState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testSecretManagerState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testTransitionActiveToStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testTransitionActiveToStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testTransitionSynchronization hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testTransitionToCurrentStateIsANop hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAStateTransitions#testTransitionToCurrentStateIsANop hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestInitializeSharedEdits#testDontOverWriteExistingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestInitializeSharedEdits#testFailWhenNoSharedEditsSpecified hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestInitializeSharedEdits#testInitializeSharedEditsConfiguresGenericConfKeys hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestInitializeSharedEdits#testInitializeSharedEdits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestLossyRetryInvocationHandler#testStartNNWithTrashEmptier hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testMultiObserver hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testMultiObserver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFailover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFallBehind hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFallBehind hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestNNHealthCheck#testNNHealthCheck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestNNHealthCheck#testNNHealthCheckWithLifelineAddress hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testBootstrap hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testBootstrap hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testDoubleFailover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testDoubleFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFailover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFsckWithObserver hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFsckWithObserver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoActiveToObserver hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoActiveToObserver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoObserverToActive hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoObserverToActive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverFailOverAndShutdown hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverFailOverAndShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeBlockMissingRetry hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeBlockMissingRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeSafeModeWithBlockLocations hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeSafeModeWithBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverShutdown hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testSimpleRead hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testSimpleRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPendingCorruptDnMessages#testChangedStorageId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPendingCorruptDnMessages#testChangedStorageId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testAllocateBlockAfterCrashFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testAllocateBlockAfterCrashFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testCompleteFileAfterCrashFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testCompleteFileAfterCrashFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testFailoverRightBeforeCommitSynchronization hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testFailoverRightBeforeCommitSynchronization hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testLeaseRecoveryAfterFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testLeaseRecoveryAfterFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testPipelineRecoveryStress hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testPipelineRecoveryStress hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverCrashFailoverWithDnFail hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverCrashFailoverWithDnFail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailoverWithDnFail hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailoverWithDnFail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testGetContentSummaryOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testGetContentSummaryOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testGetQuotaUsageOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testGetQuotaUsageOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testQuotasTrackedOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestQuotasWithHA#testQuotasTrackedOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCacheDirectiveInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCacheDirectiveInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCacheDirectives hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCacheDirectives hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCachePools hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCachePools hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCacheDirectiveInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCacheDirectiveInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCacheDescriptor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCacheDescriptor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRetryCacheOnStandbyNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRetryCacheOnStandbyNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testUpdatePipeline hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testUpdatePipeline hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestSeveralNameNodes#testCircularLinkedListWrites hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestSeveralNameNodes#testCircularLinkedListWrites hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyBlockManagement#testInvalidateBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyBlockManagement#testInvalidateBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellationDuringUpload hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellationDuringUpload hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointSucceedsWithLegacyOIVException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointSucceedsWithLegacyOIVException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointWhenNoNewTransactionsHappened hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointWhenNoNewTransactionsHappened hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNewDirInitAfterCheckpointing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNewDirInitAfterCheckpointing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNonPrimarySBNUploadFSImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNonPrimarySBNUploadFSImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testReadsAllowedDuringCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testReadsAllowedDuringCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testSBNCheckpoints hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testSBNCheckpoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testStandbyExceptionThrownDuringCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testStandbyExceptionThrownDuringCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testCorruptJournalCache hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testCorruptJournalCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testDefault hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testEditsServedViaCache hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testEditsServedViaCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testHalfStartInProgressTail hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testHalfStartInProgressTail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testInitStartInProgressTail hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testInitStartInProgressTail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNewStartInProgressTail hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNewStartInProgressTail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNonUniformConfig hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNonUniformConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testSetup hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testSetup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testTailWithoutCache hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testTailWithoutCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyIsHot#testDatanodeRestarts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyIsHot#testDatanodeRestarts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyIsHot#testStandbyIsHot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyIsHot#testStandbyIsHot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStateTransitionFailure#testFailureToTransitionCausesShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestXAttrsWithHA#testXAttrsTrackedOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestXAttrsWithHA#testXAttrsTrackedOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testCapacityMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testCapacityMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testCorruptBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testCorruptBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testDataNodeLivenessAndDecom hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testDataNodeLivenessAndDecom hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testEditLogTailing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testEditLogTailing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testExcessBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testExcessBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testFileAdd hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testFileAdd hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGenerateEDEKTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGenerateEDEKTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGetBlockLocationMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGetBlockLocationMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testMissingBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testMissingBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testNumActiveClientsAndFilesUnderConstructionMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testNumActiveClientsAndFilesUnderConstructionMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testReadWriteOps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testReadWriteOps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testRenameMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testRenameMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testResourceCheck hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testResourceCheck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStaleNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStaleNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStripedFileCorruptBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStripedFileCorruptBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testSyncAndBlockReportMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testSyncAndBlockReportMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testTransactionAndCheckpointMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testTransactionAndCheckpointMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testTransactionSinceLastCheckpointMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testTransactionSinceLastCheckpointMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testVolumeFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testVolumeFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNNMetricFilesInGetListingOps#testFilesInGetListingOps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNNMetricFilesInGetListingOps#testFilesInGetListingOps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testChangeAclExceedsQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testChangeAclExceedsQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testDeDuplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testDeDuplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testDefaultAclNotCopiedToAccessAclOfNewSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testDefaultAclNotCopiedToAccessAclOfNewSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testGetAclStatusDotSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testGetAclStatusDotSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testModifyAclEntriesSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testModifyAclEntriesSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testModifyReadsCurrentState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testModifyReadsCurrentState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotContentsAfterChange hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotContentsAfterChange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotContentsAfterRemoval hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotContentsAfterRemoval hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotRootAfterChange hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotRootAfterChange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotRootAfterRemoval hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testOriginalAclEnforcedForSnapshotRootAfterRemoval hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclEntriesSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclEntriesSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclExceedsQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclExceedsQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveAclSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveDefaultAclSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveDefaultAclSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveReadsCurrentState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testRemoveReadsCurrentState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testSetAclSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestAclWithSnapshot#testSetAclSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestCheckpointsWithSnapshots#testCheckpoint hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testAddFirst hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testAddLast hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testRemoveFromLowerLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testRemoveFromTail hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testRemoveFromUpperLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testRemoveRandom hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDiffListBySkipList#testReomveFromHead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testCreateSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testCreateSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestDisallowModifyROSnapshot#testSetTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestFileContextSnapshot#testCreateAndDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestFileContextSnapshot#testCreateAndDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestFileContextSnapshot#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestFileContextSnapshot#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestGetContentSummaryWithSnapshot#testGetContentSummary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestGetContentSummaryWithSnapshot#testGetContentSummary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testSnapshotAfterAppending hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testSnapshotAfterAppending hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testSnapshotWhileAppending hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestINodeFileUnderConstructionWithSnapshot#testSnapshotWhileAppending hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testDisallowNestedSnapshottableDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testDisallowNestedSnapshottableDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testIdCmp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testIdCmp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testNestedSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testNestedSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testSnapshotLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testSnapshotLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testSnapshotName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestNestedSnapshots#testSnapshotName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testFilesDeletionWithCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testFilesDeletionWithCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFileDeletionAndNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFileDeletionAndNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesSnapChecksumWithTrunkAndAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesSnapChecksumWithTrunkAndAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMixedConfig hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMixedConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMultipleSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMultipleSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMultipleSnapshotsWithoutCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithMultipleSnapshotsWithoutCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFilesWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFileWritingAcrossSnapDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testOpenFileWritingAcrossSnapDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testParentDirWithUCFileDeleteWithSnapShot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testParentDirWithUCFileDeleteWithSnapShot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testPointInTimeSnapshotCopiesForOpenFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testPointInTimeSnapshotCopiesForOpenFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsForOpenFilesAndDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsForOpenFilesAndDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsForOpenFilesWithNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsForOpenFilesWithNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testUCFileDeleteWithSnapShot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testUCFileDeleteWithSnapShot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testWithCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestOpenFilesWithSnapshot#testWithCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRandomOpsWithSnapshots#testRandomOperationsWithSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRandomOpsWithSnapshots#testRandomOperationsWithSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testAppendFileAfterRenameInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testAppendFileAfterRenameInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testCleanDstReference hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testCleanDstReference hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndUpdateSnapshottableDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndUpdateSnapshottableDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAcrossSnapshottableDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAcrossSnapshottableDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirectoryInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirectoryInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameExceedQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameExceedQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAcrossSnapshottableDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAcrossSnapshottableDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileInSubDirOfDirWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileInSubDirOfDirWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileNotInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileNotInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFromNonSDir2SDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFromNonSDir2SDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFromSDir2NonSDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFromSDir2NonSDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameTwiceInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameTwiceInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUCFileInSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUCFileInSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameWithOverWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameWithOverWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSetQuotaWithSnapshot#testClearQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSetQuotaWithSnapshot#testClearQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSetQuotaWithSnapshot#testSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSetQuotaWithSnapshot#testSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReport2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReport2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithOpenFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithOpenFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndSnapshotDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameAndSnapshotDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameOutside hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameOutside hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameToNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRenameToNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDontCaptureAccessTimeOnlyChangeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testDontCaptureAccessTimeOnlyChangeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testNonSnapRootDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testNonSnapRootDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReportWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReportWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapRootDescendantDiff#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionOfLaterBlocksWithZeroSizeFirstBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionOfLaterBlocksWithZeroSizeFirstBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testDeletionWithZeroSizeBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testReadRenamedSnapshotFileWithCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testReadRenamedSnapshotFileWithCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testReadSnapshotFileWithCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotBlocksMap#testReadSnapshotFileWithCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testApplyEditLogForDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testApplyEditLogForDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCombineSnapshotDiff3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCorrectNumberOfBlocksAfterRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testCorrectNumberOfBlocksAfterRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteCurrentFileDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteCurrentFileDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteDirectoryWithSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteDirectoryWithSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteDirectoryWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteDirectoryWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteEarliestSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteEarliestSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteEarliestSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteEarliestSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshot1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshot1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshot2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshot2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotCommandWithIllegalArguments hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotCommandWithIllegalArguments hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotWithDirModification hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotWithDirModification hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotWithPermissionsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testDeleteSnapshotWithPermissionsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testFsImageCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testFsImageCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testHANNRestartAfterSnapshotDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testHANNRestartAfterSnapshotDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testRenameAndDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testRenameAndDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testRenameSnapshotDiff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testRenameSnapshotDiff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotDeleteWithConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotDeleteWithConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotDiffReportWithConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotDiffReportWithConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotWithConcatException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDeletion#testSnapshotWithConcatException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReport2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReport2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithOpenFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithOpenFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndSnapshotDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameAndSnapshotDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameOutside hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameOutside hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameToNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRenameToNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDiffReportWithRpcLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDontCaptureAccessTimeOnlyChangeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testDontCaptureAccessTimeOnlyChangeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReportWithRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapRootDescendantDiffReportWithRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotDiffReport#testSnapshotDiffReportRemoteIterator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotFileLength#testSnapshotfileLength hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotFileLength#testSnapshotfileLength hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotFileLength#testSnapshotFileLengthWithCatCommand hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotFileLength#testSnapshotFileLengthWithCatCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotListing#testListSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotListing#testListSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotMetrics#testSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotMetrics#testSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotMetrics#testSnapshottableDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotMetrics#testSnapshottableDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotNameWithInvalidCharacters#TestSnapshotWithInvalidName1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotNameWithInvalidCharacters#TestSnapshotWithInvalidName1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotNameWithInvalidCharacters#TestSnapshotWithInvalidName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotNameWithInvalidCharacters#TestSnapshotWithInvalidName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameNonExistingSnapshotToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameNonExistingSnapshotToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameNonExistingSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameNonExistingSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameSnapshotCommandWithIllegalArguments hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameSnapshotCommandWithIllegalArguments hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameToExistingSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameToExistingSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameWithIllegalName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testRenameWithIllegalName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testSnapshotList hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testSnapshotList hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testSnapshotRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotRename#testSnapshotRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationAfterDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationAfterDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithoutSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithoutSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotStatsMXBean#testSnapshotStatsMXBeanInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotStatsMXBean#testSnapshotStatsMXBeanInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshottableDirListing#testListSnapshottableDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshottableDirListing#testListSnapshottableDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshottableDirListing#testListWithDifferentUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshottableDirListing#testListWithDifferentUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testAllowAndDisallowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testAllowAndDisallowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testCreateSnapshotWithIllegalName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testCreateSnapshotWithIllegalName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testOfflineImageViewer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testOfflineImageViewer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshottableDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshottableDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testUpdateDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testUpdateDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestUpdatePipelineWithSnapshots#testUpdatePipelineAfterDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestUpdatePipelineWithSnapshots#testUpdatePipelineAfterDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testCopySnapshotShouldPreserveXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testCopySnapshotShouldPreserveXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testModifyReadsCurrentState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testModifyReadsCurrentState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testRemoveReadsCurrentState hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testRemoveReadsCurrentState hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testRemoveXAttrSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testRemoveXAttrSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testSetXAttrSnapshotPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testSetXAttrSnapshotPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testSuccessiveSnapshotXAttrChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testSuccessiveSnapshotXAttrChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testXAttrForSnapshotRootAfterChange hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testXAttrForSnapshotRootAfterChange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testXAttrForSnapshotRootAfterRemove hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestXAttrWithSnapshot#testXAttrForSnapshotRootAfterRemove hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testMoverWithFullStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testMoverWithFullStripe hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenOnlyFewTargetNodesAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenOnlyFewTargetNodesAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testFsImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAclConfigFlag#testSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlockRetry#testAddBlockRetryShouldReturnBlockWithLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlockRetry#testAddBlockRetryShouldReturnBlockWithLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlockRetry#testRetryAddBlockWhileInChooseTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlockRetry#testRetryAddBlockWhileInChooseTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlock#testAddBlockUC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlock#testAddBlockUC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlock#testAddBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddBlock#testAddBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedAndCorruptStripedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedAndCorruptStripedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedSBSmallerThanFullBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedSBSmallerThanFullBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedStripedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedStripedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlockInFBR#testAddBlockInFullBlockReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlockInFBR#testAddBlockInFullBlockReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddStripedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddStripedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddUCReplica hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddUCReplica hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAllocateBlockId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAllocateBlockId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testBlockScheduledUpdate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testBlockScheduledUpdate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testCheckStripedReplicaCorrupt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testCheckStripedReplicaCorrupt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testGetLocatedStripedBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testGetLocatedStripedBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAllowFormat#testAllowFormat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAllowFormat#testAllowFormat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testAuditLoggerWithCallContext hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testAuditLoggerWithCallContext hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testBrokenLogger hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testBrokenLogger hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testWebHdfsAuditLogger hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogger#testWebHdfsAuditLogger hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAddCacheDirective hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAddCacheDirective hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAddCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAddCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testCreateRenameSnapShot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testCreateRenameSnapShot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDatanodeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDatanodeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDelegationTokens hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDelegationTokens hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testFinalizeRollingUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testFinalizeRollingUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testFinalizeUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testFinalizeUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetAclStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetAclStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetContentSummary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetContentSummary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetDatanodeStorageReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetEZForPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetEZForPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetQuotaUsage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetQuotaUsage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetSnapshotDiffReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetSnapshotDiffReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetXattrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testGetXattrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testListReconfigurableProperties hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testListReconfigurableProperties hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testListXattrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testListXattrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testMetaSave hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testMetaSave hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testModifyCacheDirective hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testModifyCacheDirective hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testModifyCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testModifyCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testQueryRollingUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testQueryRollingUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshQueue hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshQueue hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshServiceAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshServiceAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRemoveCacheDirective hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRemoveCacheDirective hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRemoveCachePool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRemoveCachePool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRenameTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRenameTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRollEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testRollEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSaveNamespace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSaveNamespace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetBalancerBandwidth hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetBalancerBandwidth hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testSetSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowed[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditAllowedStat[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditCharacterEscape[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditDenied[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfs[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsDenied[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsOpen[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLogs#testAuditWebHdfsStat[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#startBackupNodeWithIncorrectAuthentication hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testBackupNodeTailsEdits hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testBackupNodeTailsEdits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testBackupNode hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testBackupNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testBackupNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCanReadData hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCanReadData hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCanReadData hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCheckpointNode hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCheckpointNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBackupNode#testCheckpointNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockPlacementPolicyRackFaultTolerant#testChooseTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockPlacementPolicyRackFaultTolerant#testChooseTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testBlockCreation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testBlockCreation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testEmptyExpectedLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testEmptyExpectedLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockUnderConstruction#testGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testAddingCacheDirectiveInfosWhenCachingIsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testAddingCacheDirectiveInfosWhenCachingIsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testAddRemoveDirectives hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testAddRemoveDirectives hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testBasicPoolOperations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testBasicPoolOperations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testCacheManagerRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testCacheManagerRestart hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testCreateAndModifyPools hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testCreateAndModifyPools hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExceedsCapacity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExceedsCapacity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiryTimeConsistency hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiryTimeConsistency hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testListCachePoolPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testListCachePoolPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testMaxRelativeExpiry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testMaxRelativeExpiry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testNoBackingReplica hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testNoBackingReplica hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testNoLookupsWhenNotUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testNoLookupsWhenNotUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testReplicationFactor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testReplicationFactor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicasInDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicasInDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpointAfterTwoFailedUploads hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpointSignature hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpointTriggerOnTxnCount hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpoint hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpointWithFailedStorageDir hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testCheckpointWithSeparateDirsAfterNameFails hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testDeleteTemporaryEditsOnStartup hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testEditFailureBeforeRename hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testEditFailureOnFirstCheckpoint hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testFailureBeforeRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testFailureBeforeRename hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testImportCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testImportCheckpoint hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testLegacyOivImage hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNamenodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNamenodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNNsAgainstSameNN2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNNsAgainstSameNN2 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNNsAgainstSameNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testMultipleSecondaryNNsAgainstSameNN hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testNameDirError hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testNameDirLocking hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testNameNodeImageSendFailWrongDigest hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testNameNodeImageSendFailWrongSize hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testNamespaceVerifiedOnFileTransfer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testReformatNNBetweenCheckpoints hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testReformatNNBetweenCheckpoints hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testReloadOnEditReplayFailure hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSaveNamespace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSaveNamespace hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSaveNamespace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryFailsWithErrorBeforeSettingHeaders hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryHasVeryOutOfDateImage hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryImageDownload hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError1 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError2 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNamenodeError3 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNameNodeLocking hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNameNodeWithDelegationTokens hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryNameNodeWithSavedLeases hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSecondaryPurgesEditLogs hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testSeparateEditsDirLocking hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testStorageAlreadyLockedErrorMessage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckpoint#testTooManyEditReplayFailures hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCommitBlockWithInvalidGenStamp#testCommitWithInvalidGenStamp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCommitBlockWithInvalidGenStamp#testCommitWithInvalidGenStamp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCreateEditsLog#testCanLoadCreatedEditsLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCreateEditsLog#testCanLoadCreatedEditsLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testDeadDatanode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testDeadDatanode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testDeadNodeAsBlockTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testDeadNodeAsBlockTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testNonDFSUsedONDeadNodeReReg hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeadDatanode#testNonDFSUsedONDeadNodeReReg hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionDeadDN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionDeadDN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionLosingData hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionLosingData hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionStatusAfterDNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionStatusAfterDNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalRackPlacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalRackPlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalStoragePlacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalStoragePlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithDFSNetworkTopology hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithDFSNetworkTopology hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithLocalRackNodesDecommissioned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithLocalRackNodesDecommissioned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testRandomRackSelectionForRemoteClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testRandomRackSelectionForRemoteClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAddBlockRace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAddBlockRace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAddBlockRaceWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAddBlockRaceWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndCommitBlockSynchonizationRaceNoSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndCommitBlockSynchonizationRaceNoSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndCommitBlockSynchronizationRaceHasSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndCommitBlockSynchronizationRaceHasSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndLeaseRecoveryHardLimitSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testDeleteAndLeaseRecoveryHardLimitSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testRenameRace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDeleteRace#testRenameRace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverStorageQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverStorageQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverTypeQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverTypeQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testCachedComputedSizesAgreeBeforeCommitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testCachedComputedSizesAgreeBeforeCommitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testDecreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testDecreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testIncreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testIncreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaInitialization hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaInitialization hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaIssuesWhileCommitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaIssuesWhileCommitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaUpdateWithFileCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaUpdateWithFileCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testTruncateOverQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testTruncateOverQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForFSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForFSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogAutoroll#testEditLogAutoroll[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogAutoroll#testEditLogAutoroll[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testMultipleRedundantFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testMultipleRedundantFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleFailedEditsDirOnFlush[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleFailedEditsDirOnFlush[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleRequiredFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogJournalFailures#testSingleRequiredFailedEditsDirOnSetReadyToFlush[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testEditLogRolling[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testEditLogRolling[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testEditLogRolling[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testEditLogRolling[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testSaveNamespace[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testSaveNamespace[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testSaveNamespace[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLogRace#testSaveNamespace[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testBatchedSyncWithClosedLogs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testBatchedSyncWithClosedLogs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogBothDirs[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogBothDirs[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogBothDirsNoUpdateSeenTxId[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogBothDirsNoUpdateSeenTxId[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogOneDir[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogOneDir[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogOneDirNoUpdateSeenTxId[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryEmptyLogOneDirNoUpdateSeenTxId[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryNoTransactions[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryNoTransactions[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryWithTransactions[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testCrashRecoveryWithTransactions[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditChecksum[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditChecksum[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditLogWithoutErasureCodingSupported[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditLogWithoutErasureCodingSupported[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditLogWithoutErasureCodingSupported[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testEditLogWithoutErasureCodingSupported[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testManyEditLogSegments[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testManyEditLogSegments[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testMultiStreamsLoadEditWithConfMaxTxns[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testMultiStreamsLoadEditWithConfMaxTxns[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testMultiThreadedEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testMultiThreadedEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testPreTxidEditLogWithEdits[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testPreTxidEditLogWithEdits[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testReadActivelyUpdatedLog[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testReadActivelyUpdatedLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testReadActivelyUpdatedLog[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testReadActivelyUpdatedLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testSimpleEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testSimpleEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testSyncBatching[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testCreateStreamBuilderFavoredNodesEndToEnd hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testCreateStreamBuilderFavoredNodesEndToEnd hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEndForAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEndForAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEnd hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEnd hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenFavoredNodesNotPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenFavoredNodesNotPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenSomeNodesAreNotGood hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenSomeNodesAreNotGood hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewSymlinkIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclNewSymlinkIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileContextXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testFileLimitSimulated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testFileLimitSimulated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testFileLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testFileLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testMaxBlocksPerFileLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testMaxBlocksPerFileLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testMinBlockSizeLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileLimit#testMinBlockSizeLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testBasicTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testBasicTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testCopyOnTruncateWithDataNodesRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testCopyOnTruncateWithDataNodesRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testMultipleTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testMultipleTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotTruncateThenDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotTruncateThenDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotWithAppendTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotWithAppendTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotWithTruncates hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testSnapshotWithTruncates hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncate4Symlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncate4Symlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateEditLogLoad hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateEditLogLoad hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommandOnBlockBoundary hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommandOnBlockBoundary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommand hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommandWithWaitOption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateShellCommandWithWaitOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestartImmediately hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestartImmediately hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesShutdownImmediately hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesShutdownImmediately hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithOtherOperations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithOtherOperations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithRollingUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithRollingUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testUpgradeAndRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testUpgradeAndRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testBlockIdCKCorruption hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testBlockIdCKDecommission hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testBlockIdCKMaintenance hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testBlockIdCKMaintenance hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testBlockIdCK hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testCorruptBlock hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testECFsck hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testECFsck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckCorruptECFile hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckCorruptWhenOneReplicaIsCorrupt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckCorruptWhenOneReplicaIsCorrupt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckError hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckForSnapshotFiles hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckListCorruptFilesBlocks hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckListCorruptSnapshotFiles hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMisPlacedReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMisPlacedReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMissingECFile hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMissingReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMissingReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMoveAfterCorruption hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMoveAndDelete hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckMove hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckNonExistent hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckNonPrivilegedListCorrupt hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckOpenECFiles hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckOpenFiles hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckPermission hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckReplicaDetails hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckReplicaDetails hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckSymlink hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsck hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsck hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckUpgradeDomain hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckUpgradeDomain hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckUpgradeDomain hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckWithDecommissionedReplicas hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckWithMaintenanceReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testFsckWithMaintenanceReplicas hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testStoragePoliciesCK hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testToCheckTheFsckCommandOnIllegalArguments hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testUnderMinReplicatedBlock hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsckWithMultipleNameNodes#testFsck hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testDumpTree hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testDumpTree hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testINodeXAttrsLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testINodeXAttrsLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testSkipQuotaCheck hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testSkipQuotaCheck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testVerifyParentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testVerifyParentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testXAttrMultiAddRemoveErrors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testXAttrMultiAddRemoveErrors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testXAttrMultiSetRemove hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSDirectory#testXAttrMultiSetRemove hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testDisplayRecentEditLogOpCodes[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testDisplayRecentEditLogOpCodes[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testErasureCodingPolicyOperations[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testErasureCodingPolicyOperations[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testErasureCodingPolicyOperations[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testErasureCodingPolicyOperations[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForUpdateBlocks[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForUpdateBlocks[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForUpdateBlocks[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForUpdateBlocks[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testCompression hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testCompression hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testCtime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testCtime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testDigest hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadUCFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadUCFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testLoadMtimeAtime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testLoadMtimeAtime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testNativeCompression hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testNativeCompression hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testPersist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testPersist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testRemovalStaleFsimageCkpt hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadFileUnderReplicationPolicyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadFileUnderReplicationPolicyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadStripedINodeFileUC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadStripedINodeFileUC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadStripedINodeFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadStripedINodeFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSupportBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSupportBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testZeroBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testZeroBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testAclEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testAclEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testEditLogDefaultAclNewChildren hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testEditLogDefaultAclNewChildren hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testFsImageDefaultAclNewChildren hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testFsImageDefaultAclNewChildren hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testPersistAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testPersistAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testRootACLAfterLoadingFsImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithAcl#testRootACLAfterLoadingFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testDoubleRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testDoubleRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testLoadImageWithAppending hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testLoadImageWithAppending hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testLoadImageWithEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testLoadImageWithEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageAfterSnapshotDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageAfterSnapshotDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageWithAppending hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageWithAppending hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSnapshotOnRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSnapshotOnRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithXAttr#testPersistXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithXAttr#testPersistXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithXAttr#testXAttrEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithXAttr#testXAttrEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#testFsEditLogMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#test hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#test hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#testWithFSEditLogLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#testWithFSEditLogLock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#testWithFSNamesystemWriteLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSNamesystemMBean#testWithFSNamesystemWriteLock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestGetContentSummaryWithPermission#testGetContentSummaryNonSuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestGetContentSummaryWithPermission#testGetContentSummaryNonSuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestGetContentSummaryWithPermission#testGetContentSummarySuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestGetContentSummaryWithPermission#testGetContentSummarySuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatInEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatInEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatNotCompleteBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatNotCompleteBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatRelativeTargetPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatRelativeTargetPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatReservedRelativePaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatReservedRelativePaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatWithQuotaDecrease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatWithQuotaDecrease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatWithQuotaIncrease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testConcatWithQuotaIncrease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testIllegalArg hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHDFSConcat#testIllegalArg hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsExcludeInUI[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsExcludeInUI[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsExcludeInUI[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsExcludeInUI[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsIncludeForDeadCount[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestHostsFiles#testHostsIncludeForDeadCount[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAclFeature hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAclFeature hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAuthzBypassingProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAuthzBypassingProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAuthzDelegationToProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testAuthzDelegationToProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testCustomProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testCustomProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testDelegationToProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testDelegationToProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testGetAclStatusReturnsProviderOwnerPerms hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeAttributeProvider#testGetAclStatusReturnsProviderOwnerPerms hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testDotdotInodePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testDotdotInodePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testFilesInGetListingOps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testFilesInGetListingOps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testGetFullPathNameAfterSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testGetFullPathNameAfterSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeIdBasedPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeIdBasedPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeReplacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testInodeReplacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testLocationLimitInListingOps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testLocationLimitInListingOps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testReservedFileNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testReservedFileNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testWriteToDeletedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestINodeFile#testWriteToDeletedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestLargeDirectoryDelete#largeDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestLargeDirectoryDelete#largeDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestLeaseManager#testLeaseRestorationOnRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestLeaseManager#testLeaseRestorationOnRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testlistCorruptFileBlocksDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testlistCorruptFileBlocksDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFileBlocksInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFileBlocksInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFileBlocksOnRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFileBlocksOnRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testlistCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testlistCorruptFileBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFilesCorruptedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testListCorruptFilesCorruptedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testMaxCorruptFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListCorruptFileBlocks#testMaxCorruptFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListOpenFiles#testListOpenFilesInHA hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListOpenFiles#testListOpenFilesInHA hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListOpenFiles#testListOpenFilesInHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListOpenFiles#testListOpenFilesViaNameNodeRPC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestListOpenFiles#testListOpenFilesViaNameNodeRPC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMalformedURLs#testTryStartingCluster hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMalformedURLs#testTryStartingCluster hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetadataVersionOutput#testMetadataVersionOutput hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetadataVersionOutput#testMetadataVersionOutput hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetasaveAfterDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetasaveAfterDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetaSaveOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetaSaveOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetaSave hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestMetaSave#testMetaSave hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testCheckPointDirsAreTrimmed hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigsFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigsFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigs hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsRequiredConfigs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsRequiredConfigs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewSymlinkIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclNewSymlinkIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testVolumeSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testVolumeSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testXceiverCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testXceiverCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMetadataConsistency#testEnsureGenStampsIsStartupOnly hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMetadataConsistency#testEnsureGenStampsIsStartupOnly hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMetadataConsistency#testGenerationStampInFuture hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMetadataConsistency#testGenerationStampInFuture hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testDecommissioningNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testDecommissioningNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testEnabledEcPoliciesMetric hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testEnabledEcPoliciesMetric hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testLastContactTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testLastContactTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testMaintenanceNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testMaintenanceNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testNameNodeMXBeanInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testNameNodeMXBeanInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testNNDirectorySize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testQueueLength hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTopUsersDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTopUsersNoPeriods hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTopUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTotalBlocksMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTotalBlocksMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testVerifyMissingBlockGroupsMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testVerifyMissingBlockGroupsMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testBlockInvalidateLimitAfterReconfigured hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testBlockInvalidateLimitAfterReconfigured hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureCallerContextEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureCallerContextEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureHearbeatCheck hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureHearbeatCheck hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureIPCBackoff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureIPCBackoff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureSPSWithStoragePolicyDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureSPSWithStoragePolicyDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureStoragePolicySatisfierEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testReconfigureStoragePolicySatisfierEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testSatisfyStoragePolicyAfterSatisfierDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeReconfigure#testSatisfyStoragePolicyAfterSatisfierDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverNegativeOnePaddedEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverNegativeOnePaddedEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverPaddedEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverPaddedEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverTruncatedEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverTruncatedEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverZeroPaddedEditLog[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRecovery#testRecoverZeroPaddedEditLog[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeResourceChecker#testCheckThatNameNodeResourceMonitorIsRunning hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeResourceChecker#testCheckThatNameNodeResourceMonitorIsRunning hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRespectsBindHostKeys#testHttpBindHostKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRespectsBindHostKeys#testLifelineRpcBindHostKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRespectsBindHostKeys#testRpcBindHostKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRespectsBindHostKeys#testServiceRpcBindHostKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRetryCacheMetrics#testRetryCacheMetrics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRetryCacheMetrics#testRetryCacheMetrics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreateSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreateSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheConfig hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheRebuild hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheRebuild hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testSnapshotMethods hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testSnapshotMethods hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testUpdatePipelineWithFailOver hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testUpdatePipelineWithFailOver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRpcServerMethods#testDeleteSnapshotWhenSnapshotNameIsEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRpcServerMethods#testDeleteSnapshotWhenSnapshotNameIsEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRpcServer#testNamenodeRpcBindAny hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeRpcServer#testNamenodeRpcBindAny hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeStatusMXBean#testNameNodeMXBeanSlowDisksEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeStatusMXBean#testNameNodeMXBeanSlowDisksEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeStatusMXBean#testNameNodeStatusMXBean hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeStatusMXBean#testNameNodeStatusMXBean hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testStorageIDBlockPlacementSpecific hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testStorageIDBlockPlacementSpecific hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testXAttrSymlinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeXAttr#testXAttrSymlinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEZWithRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEZWithRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNNStorageRetentionFunctional#testPurgingWithNameEditsDirAfterFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNNThroughputBenchmark#testNNThroughputAgainstRemoteNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNNThroughputBenchmark#testNNThroughputRemoteAgainstNNWithFsOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNNThroughputBenchmark#testNNThroughput hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNNThroughputBenchmark#testNNThroughputWithFsOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestParallelImageWrite#testRestartDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestParallelImageWrite#testRestartDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testDropSPS hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testMultipleSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testNameNodeRestartWhenSPSCalledOnChildFileAndParentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testNameNodeRestartWhenSPSCalledOnChildFileAndParentDir hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSOnChildAndParentDirectory hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSShouldNotLeakXattrIfStorageAlreadySatisfied hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSxAttrWhenSpsCalledForDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSxAttrWhenSpsCalledForDir hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSxAttrWhenSpsCalledForFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSxAttrWhenSpsCalledForFile hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithRestarts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithRestarts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithRestarts hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testByAddingAnExtraDataNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testByAddingAnExtraDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWhenDecreasingReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWhenDecreasingReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithAllCorruptReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithAllCorruptReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithReplicationFactorAsOne hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithReplicationFactorAsOne hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProtectedDirectories#testAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testContentSummaryWithoutQuotaByStorageType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testContentSummaryWithoutQuotaByStorageType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testContentSummaryWithoutStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testContentSummaryWithoutStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeAndTraditionalQuotaException3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeExceptionWithFileCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeExceptionWithFileCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOffChildOff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOffChildOff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOffChildOn hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOffChildOn hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOnChildOff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOnChildOff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOnChildOn hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeParentOnChildOn hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypePersistenceInEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypePersistenceInEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypePersistenceInFsImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypePersistenceInFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateAllSSD hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateAllSSD hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateOneSSD hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateOneSSD hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithFileCreateTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithTraditionalQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testQuotaByStorageTypeWithTraditionalQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaPerQuotaClear hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaPerQuotaClear hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaWithRepFactor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaWithRepFactor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaWithWarmPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaByStorageType#testStorageSpaceQuotaWithWarmPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks#testUpdatingQuotaCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks#testUpdatingQuotaCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocksWithRandomECPolicy#testUpdatingQuotaCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocksWithRandomECPolicy#testUpdatingQuotaCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#test2RecoveryTasksForSameBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#test2RecoveryTasksForSameBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testCountLiveReplicas hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testCountLiveReplicas hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testReconstructionWork hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testReconstructionWork hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testCancelFutureThenReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testCancelFutureThenReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testCancelFutureThenRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testCancelFutureThenRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceCreateHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceCreateHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCreateHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCreateHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCreateUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCreateUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteZoneHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteZoneHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCancelForUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCancelForUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCancel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCancel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCommandsQueuedOrdering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptCommandsQueuedOrdering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionBasic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionBasic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionKMSDown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionKMSDown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionNNSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionNNSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultCkpt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultCkpt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultOneTask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultOneTask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultRecover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultRecover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionWithoutProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionWithoutProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromEdits hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromEdits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptNestedZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptNestedZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptOrdering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptOrdering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptRaceRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptRaceRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartWithRenames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartWithRenames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testZoneDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testZoneDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testCancelFutureThenReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testCancelFutureThenReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testCancelFutureThenRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testCancelFutureThenRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceCreateHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceCreateHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCreateHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCreateHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCreateUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCreateUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteZoneHandler hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRaceDeleteZoneHandler hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCancelForUpdater hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCancelForUpdater hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCancel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCancel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCommandsQueuedOrdering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptCommandsQueuedOrdering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionBasic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionBasic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionKMSACLs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionKMSACLs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionKMSDown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionKMSDown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionNNSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionNNSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultCkpt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultCkpt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultOneTask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultOneTask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultRecover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionUpdaterFaultRecover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionWithoutProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptionWithoutProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptLoadedFromEdits hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptLoadedFromEdits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptNestedZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptNestedZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptOrdering hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptOrdering hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptRaceRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptRaceRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testReencryptSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartAfterReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartAfterReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartWithRenames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testRestartWithRenames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testZoneDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryptionWithKMS#testZoneDeleteDuringReencrypt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestRefreshNamenodeReplicationConfig#testParamsCanBeReconfigured hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestRefreshNamenodeReplicationConfig#testReconfigureFailsWithInvalidValues hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSaveNamespaceBeforeShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSaveNamespaceWithDanglingLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSaveNamespaceWithDanglingLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSaveNamespaceWithRenamedLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSaveNamespaceWithRenamedLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSkipSnapshotSection hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSaveNamespace#testSkipSnapshotSection hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecondaryNameNodeUpgrade#testChangeNsIDFails hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecondaryNameNodeUpgrade#testUpgradeLayoutVersionSucceeds hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecondaryNameNodeUpgrade#testUpgradePreFedSucceeds hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecondaryWebUi#testSecondaryWebUi hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecureNameNode#testNameNodeStatusMXBeanSecurityEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecureNameNode#testNameNodeStatusMXBeanSecurityEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecurityTokenEditLog#testEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSecurityTokenEditLog#testEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testNonSnapshotPathINodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testNonSnapshotPathINodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testShortCircuitSnapshotSearch hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testShortCircuitSnapshotSearch hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesAfterDeletion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesAfterDeletion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesAfterModification hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesAfterModification hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesWithAddedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestSnapshotPathINodes#testSnapshotPathINodesWithAddedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup1 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testChkpointStartup2 hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testCompression hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testCorruptImageFallbackLostECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testCorruptImageFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testCorruptImageFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testCorruptImageFallback hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testDirectoryPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testDirectoryPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testImageChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testNNFailToStartOnReadOnlyNNDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testNNFailToStartOnReadOnlyNNDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testSNNStartup hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testStorageBlockContentsStaleAfterNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStartup#testStorageBlockContentsStaleAfterNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStorageRestore#testDfsAdminCmd hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStorageRestore#testMultipleSecondaryCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStorageRestore#testMultipleSecondaryCheckpoint hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStorageRestore#testStorageRestoreFailure hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStorageRestore#testStorageRestore hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testDeleteOp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testDeleteOp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testUnsuitableStoragePoliciesWithECStripedMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testUnsuitableStoragePoliciesWithECStripedMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestTransferFsImage#testClientSideExceptionOnJustOneDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestTransferFsImage#testClientSideException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementAfterDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementAfterDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestValidateConfigurationSettings#testGenericKeysForNameNodeFormat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestValidateConfigurationSettings#testThatDifferentRPCandHttpPortsAreOK hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestValidateConfigurationSettings#testThatMatchingRPCandHttpPortsThrowException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testFsImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestXAttrConfigFlag#testSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateDir777Permissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateDir777Permissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateDirNoPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateDirNoPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateFile666Permissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateFile666Permissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateFileNoPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsCreatePermissions#testCreateFileNoPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testDataLocality hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testDataLocality hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeDataNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeDataNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeWrongDataNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeWrongDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testBlksStorageMovementAttemptFinishedReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testBlksStorageMovementAttemptFinishedReport hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testBlockMoveInSameAndRemoteDatanodesWithWARM hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testBlockMoveInSameDatanodeWithONESSD hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testChooseInSameDatanodeWithONESSDShouldNotChooseIfNoSpace hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveBlocksWithUnderReplicatedBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveBlocksWithUnderReplicatedBlocks hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveWithBlockPinning hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMultipleFilesForSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMultipleFilesForSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMultipleLevelDirectoryForSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testOutstandingQueueLimitExceeds hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyDirWithHdfsAdmin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyDirWithHdfsAdmin hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyFileWithHdfsAdmin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyFileWithHdfsAdmin hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyWithExceptions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyWithExceptions hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForEmptyDirectory hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForNonExistDirectory hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSShouldNotLeakXattrIfSatisfyStoragePolicyCallOnECFiles hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileHasExcessRedundancyBlocks hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileLengthIsZero hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenReplicaWithExpectedStorageAlreadyAvailableInSource hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWithDirectoryTreeWithoutFile hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenMoverExitsWithoutDeleteMoverIDFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenMoverExitsWithoutDeleteMoverIDFile hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenOnlyFewSourceNodesHaveMatchingTargetNodes hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenOnlyFewTargetDatanodeAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenOnlyFewTargetDatanodeAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToALLSSD hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToALLSSD hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToCOLD hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToCOLD hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToONESSD hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToONESSD hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testAllocShm hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testAllocShm hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testDataXceiverCleansUpSlotsOnFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testDataXceiverCleansUpSlotsOnFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testDataXceiverHandlesRequestShortCircuitShmFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testDataXceiverHandlesRequestShortCircuitShmFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testPreReceiptVerificationDfsClientCanDoScr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testPreReceiptVerificationDfsClientCanDoScr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testRequestFileDescriptorsWhenULimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testRequestFileDescriptorsWhenULimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testShmBasedStaleness hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testShmBasedStaleness hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testUnlinkingReplicasInFileDescriptorCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitCache#testUnlinkingReplicasInFileDescriptorCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testDeprecatedGetBlockLocalPathInfoRpc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testDeprecatedGetBlockLocalPathInfoRpc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testFileLocalReadChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testFileLocalReadChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testFileLocalReadNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testFileLocalReadNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testHandleTruncatedBlockFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testHandleTruncatedBlockFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLocalReadFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLocalReadFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLocalReadLegacy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLocalReadLegacy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLongFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testLongFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testReadFromAnOffset hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testReadFromAnOffset hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testReadWithRemoteBlockReader2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testReadWithRemoteBlockReader2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testSkipWithVerifyChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testSkipWithVerifyChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testSmallFileLocalRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.shortcircuit.TestShortCircuitLocalRead#testSmallFileLocalRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAbandonBlock#testAbandonBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAbandonBlock#testAbandonBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAbandonBlock#testQuotaUpdatedWhenBlockAbandoned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAbandonBlock#testQuotaUpdatedWhenBlockAbandoned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateEncryptionZone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateEncryptionZone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateFileInEncryptionZone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateFileInEncryptionZone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateKey hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testDeleteKey hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testDeleteKey hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithKeyAcls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithKeyAcls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithKeyAclsWithoutBlacklist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithKeyAclsWithoutBlacklist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithWhitelist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithWhitelist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithWhitelistWithoutBlacklist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testGoodWithWhitelistWithoutBlacklist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testReadFileInEncryptionZone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testReadFileInEncryptionZone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendDifferentChecksum#testAlgoSwitchRandomized hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendDifferentChecksum#testAlgoSwitchRandomized hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendDifferentChecksum#testSwitchAlgorithms hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendDifferentChecksum#testSwitchAlgorithms hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendSnapshotTruncate#testAST hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAppendSnapshotTruncate#testAST hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testNestedStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testNestedStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testStoragePolicyByDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestApplyingStoragePolicy#testStoragePolicyByDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBalancerBandwidth#testBalancerBandwidth hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockMissingException#testBlockMissingException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockMissingException#testBlockMissingException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlocksScheduledCounter#testBlocksScheduledCounter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlocksScheduledCounter#testBlocksScheduledCounter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlocksScheduledCounter#testScheduledBlocksCounterShouldDecrementOnAbandonBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlocksScheduledCounter#testScheduledBlocksCounterShouldDecrementOnAbandonBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeColdRep hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeColdRep hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeHotFileRep hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeHotFileRep hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeWarmRep hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testChangeWarmRep hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testConfigKeyDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testConfigKeyDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testConfigKeyEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testConfigKeyEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetAllStoragePoliciesFromFs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetAllStoragePoliciesFromFs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetFileStoragePolicyAfterRestartNN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetFileStoragePolicyAfterRestartNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testGetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testSetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testSetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testSetStoragePolicyWithSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestBlockStoragePolicy#testSetStoragePolicyWithSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testEvictWriter hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testGetNewStamp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testGetNewStamp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPacketTransmissionDelay hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPacketTransmissionDelay hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryForLastBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryForLastBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnDatanodeUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnDatanodeUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnOOB hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnOOB hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnRemoteDatanodeUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnRemoteDatanodeUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryOnRestartFailure hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryWithTransferBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryWithTransferBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testUpdatePipeLineAfterDNReg hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testUpdatePipeLineAfterDNReg hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testZeroByteBlockRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testZeroByteBlockRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientReportBadBlock#testCorruptAllOfThreeReplicas hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientReportBadBlock#testCorruptTwoOutOfThreeReplicas hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientReportBadBlock#testOneBlockReplica hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClose#testWriteAfterClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClose#testWriteAfterClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestConnCache#testReadFromOneDN hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestConnCache#testReadFromOneDN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCorruptionDuringWrt hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCorruptionDuringWrt hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCrcCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCrcCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testEntirelyCorruptFileOneNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testEntirelyCorruptFileOneNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testEntirelyCorruptFileThreeNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testEntirelyCorruptFileThreeNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeConfig#testDataDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeConfig#testDataDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeConfig#testMemlockLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeConfig#testMemlockLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testComplex hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testComplex hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple0 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testSimple2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeLayoutUpgrade#testUpgradeFrom256To32Layout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeLayoutUpgrade#testUpgradeFrom256To32Layout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeLayoutUpgrade#testUpgradeToIdBasedLayout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeLayoutUpgrade#testUpgradeToIdBasedLayout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testChangeIpcPort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testChangeIpcPort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testChangeStorageID hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testDNSLookups hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testDNSLookups hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testForcedRegistration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testForcedRegistration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testRegistrationWithDifferentSoftwareVersionsDuringUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeRegistration#testRegistrationWithDifferentSoftwareVersions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReportMissingBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReportMissingBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReport hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReport hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReportWithUpgradeDomain hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeReport#testDatanodeReportWithUpgradeDomain hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom22FixesStorageIDs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom22FixesStorageIDs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom22via26FixesStorageIDs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom22via26FixesStorageIDs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom26PreservesStorageIDs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs#testUpgradeFrom26PreservesStorageIDs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataStream#testDfsClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataStream#testDfsClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testClientResponsesKeepAliveTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testClientResponsesKeepAliveTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testDatanodeRespectsKeepAliveTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testDatanodeRespectsKeepAliveTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testManyClosedSocketsInCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testManyClosedSocketsInCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testSlowReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferKeepalive#testSlowReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferProtocol#testDataTransferProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferProtocol#testDataTransferProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferProtocol#testOpWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDataTransferProtocol#testOpWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testAllocAndIBRWhileDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testAllocAndIBRWhileDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testBlocksPerInterval hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testBlocksPerInterval hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testCloseWhileDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testCloseWhileDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testClusterStatsFederation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testClusterStatsFederation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testClusterStats hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testClusterStats hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testCountOnDecommissionedNodeList hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testCountOnDecommissionedNodeList hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDeadNodeCountAfterNamenodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDeadNodeCountAfterNamenodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionFederation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionFederation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithNamenodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithNamenodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenFileAndBlockRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenFileAndBlockRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenfileReporting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenfileReporting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenfile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommissionWithOpenfile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testHostsFileFederation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testHostsFileFederation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testHostsFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testHostsFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testMultipleNodesDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testMultipleNodesDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testNodeUsageAfterDecommissioned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testNodeUsageAfterDecommissioned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testNodeUsageWhileDecommissioining hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testNodeUsageWhileDecommissioining hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testPendingNodeButDecommissioned hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testPendingNodeButDecommissioned hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testPendingNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testPendingNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testRecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testRecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testUsedCapacity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testUsedCapacity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionTwoNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionTwoNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionWithURBlockForSameBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionWithURBlockForSameBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileChecksumAfterDecommission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileChecksumAfterDecommission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileMultipleBlockGroups hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileMultipleBlockGroups hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSAddressConfig#testDFSAddressConfig hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSAddressConfig#testDFSAddressConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientExcludedNodes#testExcludedNodesForgiveness hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientExcludedNodes#testExcludedNodesForgiveness hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientExcludedNodes#testExcludedNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientExcludedNodes#testExcludedNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testCreateProxyDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testCreateProxyDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testDfsClientFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testDfsClientFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFailoverOnConnectTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFailoverOnConnectTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFailureWithMisconfiguredHaNNs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFailureWithMisconfiguredHaNNs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFileContextDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testFileContextDoesntDnsResolveLogicalURI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testIPFailoverProxyProviderLogicalUri hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testIPFailoverProxyProviderLogicalUri hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testLogicalUriShouldNotHavePorts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testLogicalUriShouldNotHavePorts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testWrappedFailoverProxyProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientFailover#testWrappedFailoverProxyProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testDFSClientConfigurationLocateFollowingBlockInitialDelay hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testDFSClientConfigurationLocateFollowingBlockInitialDelay hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testDFSClientRetriesOnBusyBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testDFSClientRetriesOnBusyBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testFailuresArePerOperation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testFailuresArePerOperation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testIdempotentAllocateBlockAndClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testIdempotentAllocateBlockAndClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testLeaseRenewAndDFSOutputStreamDeadLock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testLeaseRenewAndDFSOutputStreamDeadLock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testLeaseRenewSocketTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testLeaseRenewSocketTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testNamenodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testNamenodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testRetryOnChecksumFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testRetryOnChecksumFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testWriteTimeoutAtDataNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientRetries#testWriteTimeoutAtDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testAutoTuningSendBufferSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testAutoTuningSendBufferSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testDefaultSendBufferSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testDefaultSendBufferSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testSpecifiedSendBufferSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSClientSocketSize#testSpecifiedSendBufferSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSFinalize#testFinalize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSFinalize#testFinalize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testNNFailover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testNNFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testReadEventsWithTimeout hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testReadEventsWithTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testTwoActiveNNs hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testTwoActiveNNs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testNullCheckSumWhenDNRestarted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testNullCheckSumWhenDNRestarted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testOpenInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testOpenInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSeekToNewSource hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSeekToNewSource hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithLocalBlockReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithLocalBlockReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithRemoteBlockReader2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithRemoteBlockReader2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithRemoteBlockReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInputStream#testSkipWithRemoteBlockReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSMkdirs#testDFSMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSMkdirs#testDFSMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSMkdirs#testMkdirRpcNonCanonicalPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSMkdirs#testMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSMkdirs#testMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testCloseTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testCloseTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testComputePacketChunkSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testComputePacketChunkSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testCongestionBackoff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testCongestionBackoff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testEndLeaseCall hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testEndLeaseCall hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testNoLocalWriteFlag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testNoLocalWriteFlag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testPreventOverflow hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testPreventOverflow hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testStreamFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSOutputStream#testStreamFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessGroupMember hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessGroupMember hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessOthers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessOthers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testAccessOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testImmutableFsPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testImmutableFsPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testOwnership hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testOwnership hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionChecking hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionChecking hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionMessageOnNonDirAncestor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionMessageOnNonDirAncestor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionSetting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testPermissionSetting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testTrashPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSPermission#testTrashPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRemove#testRemove hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRemove#testRemove hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRename#testRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRename#testRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRename#testRenameWithOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRename#testRenameWithOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRollback#testRollback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRollback#testRollback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShellGenericOptions#testDFSCommand hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShellGenericOptions#testDFSCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testAppendToFileBadArgs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testAppendToFileBadArgs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testAppendToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testAppendToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testChmodReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testChmodReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testChownReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testChownReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsPreserveAclAndStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsPreserveAclAndStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsToDirectoryWithPreserveOption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsToDirectoryWithPreserveOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsWithPreserveOption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsWithPreserveOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsWithRawXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyCommandsWithRawXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyFromLocalWithPermissionDenied hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyFromLocalWithPermissionDenied hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCopyReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCountSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCountSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testDuSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testDuSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testErrOutPut hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testErrOutPut hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testFilePermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testFilePermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testGetFAttrErrors hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testGetFAttrErrors hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testGet hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testGet hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testHead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testHead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testLsr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testLsr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testMkdirReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testMkdirReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testNoTrashConfig hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testNoTrashConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testPut hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testPut hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRecursiveRm hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRecursiveRm hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRemoteException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRemoteException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRmReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testRmReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testServerConfigRespected hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testServerConfigRespected hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testServerConfigRespectedWithClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testServerConfigRespectedWithClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSetXAttrPermissionAsDifferentOwner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSetXAttrPermissionAsDifferentOwner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSnapshotReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSnapshotReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSymLinkReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testSymLinkReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testTailWithFresh hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testTailWithFresh hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testURIPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testURIPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testZeroSizeFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSShell#testZeroSizeFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStartupVersions#testVersions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStartupVersions#testVersions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testNNStorageStates hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testNNStorageStates hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testIdempotentClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testIdempotentClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testPread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testPread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testPreadWithDNFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testPreadWithDNFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testRefreshBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testRefreshBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPreadWithDNFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPreadWithDNFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testRefreshBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testRefreshBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testStreamFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testStreamFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#runTestWithShortStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#runTestWithShortStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseAfterAbort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseAfterAbort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#runTestWithShortStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#runTestWithShortStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testBlockTokenExpired hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testBlockTokenExpired hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseAfterAbort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseAfterAbort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStreamFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStreamFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testPreserveEditLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel023ReservedImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1BBWImage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1BBWImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1ReservedImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel22Image hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel22Image hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel2ReservedImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgradeFromPreUpgradeLVFails hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgradeFromPreUpgradeLVFails hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDisableConnCache#testDisableCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDisableConnCache#testDisableCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testAllWithDualPort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testAllWithDualPort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testAllWithNoXmlDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testAllWithNoXmlDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testClearStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testClearStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testConcurrentStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testConcurrentStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testCreateWithCustomChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testCreateWithCustomChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClientPeerReadTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClientPeerReadTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClientPeerWriteTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClientPeerWriteTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSCloseFilesBeingWritten hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSCloseFilesBeingWritten hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSDataOutputStreamBuilderForAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSDataOutputStreamBuilderForAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSDataOutputStreamBuilderForCreation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSDataOutputStreamBuilderForCreation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSSeekExceptions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testDFSSeekExceptions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testECStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testECStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEmptyDelegationToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEmptyDelegationToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEmptyScriptMappingFileReadStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEmptyScriptMappingFileReadStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEnableAndDisableErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testEnableAndDisableErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testFileCloseStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testFileCloseStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testFileSystemCloseAll hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testGetServerDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testGetServerDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testHdfsDataOutputStreamBuilderSetParameters hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testHdfsDataOutputStreamBuilderSetParameters hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testInvalidScriptMappingFileReadStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testInvalidScriptMappingFileReadStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testListFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testListFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testListStatusOfSnapshotDirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testListStatusOfSnapshotDirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocalHostReadStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocalHostReadStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocalRackReadStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocalRackReadStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocatedFileStatusStorageIdsTypes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testLocatedFileStatusStorageIdsTypes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testRemoteRackOfFirstDegreeReadStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testRemoteRackOfFirstDegreeReadStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testRemoveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testRemoveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testStorageFavouredNodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testStorageFavouredNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testTotalDfsUsed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystem#testTotalDfsUsed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStatistics hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStatistics hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testClientThatDoesNotSupportEncryption[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testClientThatDoesNotSupportEncryption[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testClientThatDoesNotSupportEncryption[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testClientThatDoesNotSupportEncryption[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppend[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppend[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppend[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppend[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadAfterNameNodeRestart[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadAfterNameNodeRestart[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadAfterNameNodeRestart[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadAfterNameNodeRestart[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadDefaultAlgorithmCipherSuite[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadDefaultAlgorithmCipherSuite[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadDefaultAlgorithmCipherSuite[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadDefaultAlgorithmCipherSuite[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithAES[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithAES[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithAES[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithAES[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithRC4[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithRC4[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithRC4[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedReadWithRC4[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithOneDn[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithOneDn[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithOneDn[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithOneDn[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithTwoDns[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithTwoDns[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithTwoDns[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithTwoDns[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testFileChecksumWithInvalidEncryptionKey[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testFileChecksumWithInvalidEncryptionKey[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClient[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClient[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClient[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClient[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClientPipelineRecovery[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedClientPipelineRecovery[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedReadClientAfterRestart[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedReadClientAfterRestart[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedReadClientAfterRestart[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedReadClientAfterRestart[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedWriteClientAfterRestart[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedWriteClientAfterRestart[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedWriteClientAfterRestart[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testLongLivedWriteClientAfterRestart[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#addMockKmsToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#addMockKmsToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testBasicOperationsRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testBasicOperationsRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testBasicOperations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testBasicOperations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testConcatFailsInEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testConcatFailsInEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testCreateEZWithNoProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testCreateEZWithNoProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDelegationToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDelegationToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptedReadWriteUsingDiffKeyProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptedReadWriteUsingDiffKeyProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesOnRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesOnRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesOnRootPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesOnRootPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesWithSymlinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZonesWithSymlinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZoneWithTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEncryptionZoneWithTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testExceptionInformationReturn hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testExceptionInformationReturn hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEZwithFullyQualifiedPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testEZwithFullyQualifiedPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testFsckOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetEncryptionZoneOnANonExistentPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetEncryptionZoneOnANonExistentPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetEZAsNonSuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetEZAsNonSuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetTrashRoots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testGetTrashRoots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testIsEncryptedMethod hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testIsEncryptedMethod hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testKeyProviderFallBackBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testKeyProviderFallBackBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testListEncryptionZonesAsNonSuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testListEncryptionZonesAsNonSuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testListEncryptionZonesWithSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testListEncryptionZonesWithSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testOfflineImageViewerOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testOfflineImageViewerOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testPread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testPread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testProviderUriInCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testProviderUriInCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testProvisionTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testProvisionTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRenameFileContext hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRenameFileContext hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRenameFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRenameFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRootDirEZTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testRootDirEZTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotDiffOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotDiffOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotsOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotsOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotWithFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testSnapshotWithFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testStartFileRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testStartFileRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testTrashStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testTrashStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testVersionAndSuiteNegotiation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testVersionAndSuiteNegotiation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhdfsReadOldBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhdfsReadOldBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhdfsRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhdfsRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhfsEZRedirectLocation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWebhfsEZRedirectLocation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWriteToEZReservedRaw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testWriteToEZReservedRaw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithHA#testEncryptionZonesTrackedOnStandby hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithHA#testEncryptionZonesTrackedOnStandby hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#addDelegationTokenFromWebhdfsFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#addDelegationTokenFromWebhdfsFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#addMockKmsToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#addMockKmsToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testBasicOperationsRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testBasicOperationsRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testBasicOperations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testBasicOperations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testConcatFailsInEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testConcatFailsInEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testCreateEZPopulatesEDEKCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testCreateEZPopulatesEDEKCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testCreateEZWithNoProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testCreateEZWithNoProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDelegationToken hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDelegationToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testDifferentKMSProviderOnUpgradedNamenode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptedReadWriteUsingDiffKeyProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptedReadWriteUsingDiffKeyProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesOnRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesOnRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesOnRootPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesOnRootPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesWithSymlinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZonesWithSymlinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZoneWithTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEncryptionZoneWithTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testExceptionInformationReturn hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testExceptionInformationReturn hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEZwithFullyQualifiedPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testEZwithFullyQualifiedPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testFsckOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DFSck
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetEncryptionZoneOnANonExistentPaths hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetEncryptionZoneOnANonExistentPaths hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetEZAsNonSuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetEZAsNonSuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetTrashRoots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testGetTrashRoots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testIsEncryptedMethod hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testIsEncryptedMethod hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testKeyProviderFallBackBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testKeyProviderFallBackBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testListEncryptionZonesAsNonSuperUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testListEncryptionZonesAsNonSuperUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testListEncryptionZonesWithSnapshots hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testListEncryptionZonesWithSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testOfflineImageViewerOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testOfflineImageViewerOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testPread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testPread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testProviderUriInCredentials hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testProviderUriInCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testProvisionTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testProvisionTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRenameFileContext hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRenameFileContext hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRenameFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRenameFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRootDirEZTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testRootDirEZTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotDiffOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotDiffOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotsOnEncryptionZones hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotsOnEncryptionZones hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotWithFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testSnapshotWithFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testStartFileRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testStartFileRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testTrashStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testTrashStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testVersionAndSuiteNegotiation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testVersionAndSuiteNegotiation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWarmupEDEKCacheOnStartup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWarmupEDEKCacheOnStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhdfsReadOldBehavior hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhdfsReadOldBehavior hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhdfsRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhdfsRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhfsEZRedirectLocation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWebhfsEZRedirectLocation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWriteToEZReservedRaw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testWriteToEZReservedRaw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testCleanUp hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testCleanUp hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testECReadWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testECReadWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testReplicaReadWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testReplicaReadWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testACLAPI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testACLAPI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testEncryptionZone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testEncryptionZone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testFileOpsAPI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testFileOpsAPI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testSnapshotAPI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testSnapshotAPI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testSymbolicLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testSymbolicLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingExerciseAPIs#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddECPoliciesExceeded hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddECPoliciesExceeded hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testBasicSetECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testBasicSetECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testFileLevelECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testFileLevelECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testMoveValidity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testMoveValidity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicationPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicationPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testSetDefaultPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testSetDefaultPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testSetInvalidPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testSetInvalidPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddECPoliciesExceeded hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddECPoliciesExceeded hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testBasicSetECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testBasicSetECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLevelECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLevelECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMoveValidity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMoveValidity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicationPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicationPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetDefaultPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetDefaultPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetInvalidPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetInvalidPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterECPolicyChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterECPolicyChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterECPolicyChanges hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterECPolicyChanges hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testAccessAclNotInherited hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testAccessAclNotInherited hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testDefaultAclExistingDirFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testDefaultAclExistingDirFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testDefaultAclNewChildDirFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testDefaultAclNewChildDirFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testGradSubdirMoreAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testGradSubdirMoreAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testRestrictAtSubDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExtendedAcls#testRestrictAtSubDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExternalBlockReader#testExternalBlockReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExternalBlockReader#testExternalBlockReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExternalBlockReader#testMisconfiguredExternalBlockReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestExternalBlockReader#testMisconfiguredExternalBlockReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFetchImage#testFetchImageHA hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFetchImage#testFetchImageHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testAppendLessThanChecksumChunk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testAppendLessThanChecksumChunk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testComplexAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testComplexAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testComplexAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testComplexAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testSimpleAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testSimpleAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testSimpleAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend2#testSimpleAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testAppendToPartialChunkforAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testAppendToPartialChunkforAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testAppendToPartialChunk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testAppendToPartialChunk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testSmallAppendRace hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testSmallAppendRace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC11ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC11ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC11 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC11 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC12ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC12ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC12 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC12 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC1ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC1ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC2ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC2ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC5ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC5ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC7ForAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC7ForAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend3#testTC7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testAppendInsufficientLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testAppendInsufficientLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testCompleteOtherLeaseHoldersFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testCompleteOtherLeaseHoldersFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testRecoverFinalizedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testRecoverFinalizedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testUpdateNeededReplicationsForAppendedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend4#testUpdateNeededReplicationsForAppendedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppendRestart#testAppendRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppendRestart#testAppendRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppendRestart#testAppendWithPipelineRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppendRestart#testAppendWithPipelineRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppendRestart#testLoadLogsFromBuggyEarlierVersions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppend2AfterSoftLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppend2AfterSoftLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppend2Twice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppend2Twice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendAfterSoftLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendAfterSoftLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendCorruptedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendCorruptedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testAppendTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testBreakHardlinksIfNeeded hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testBreakHardlinksIfNeeded hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testComplexFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testComplexFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testConcurrentAppendRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testConcurrentAppendRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testFailedAppendBlockRejection hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testFailedAppendBlockRejection hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testFileNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testFileNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testMultiAppend2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testMultiAppend2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testMultipleAppends hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testMultipleAppends hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testSimpleFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileAppend#testSimpleFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testMixedBytesPerChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testMixedBytesPerChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery11 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery11 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery13 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery13 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery14 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery14 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery15 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery15 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testMixedBytesPerChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testMixedBytesPerChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocks2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery11 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery11 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery13 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery13 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery14 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery14 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery15 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery15 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testImmediateReadOfNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testImmediateReadOfNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransfer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransfer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransferVerySmallWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransferVerySmallWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferTo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferTo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferToVerySmallWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferToVerySmallWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockPacketBufferOverrun hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockPacketBufferOverrun hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testArrayOutOfBoundsException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testArrayOutOfBoundsException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testCorruptionWithDiskFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testCorruptionWithDiskFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testFileCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testFileCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testSetReplicationWhenBatchIBR hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCorruption#testSetReplicationWhenBatchIBR hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationClient#testClientTriggeredLeaseRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationClient#testClientTriggeredLeaseRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationDelete#testFileCreationDeleteParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationDelete#testFileCreationDeleteParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationEmpty#testLeaseExpireEmptyFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreationEmpty#testLeaseExpireEmptyFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testConcurrentFileCreation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testConcurrentFileCreation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartFromString hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartFromString hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartFromUri hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartFromUri hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartRpc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testCreateNonCanonicalPathAndRestartRpc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testDeleteOnExit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testDeleteOnExit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testDFSClientDeath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testDFSClientDeath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationError1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationError1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationError2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationError2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationError3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationNamenodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationNamenodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSetLocalInterface hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSetLocalInterface hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSimulated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSimulated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSyncOnClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationSyncOnClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationUsingHostname hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationUsingHostname hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationWithOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileCreationWithOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileIdMismatch hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFileIdMismatch hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFsCloseAfterClusterShutdown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFsCloseAfterClusterShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFsClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testFsClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testLeaseExpireHardLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testLeaseExpireHardLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testOverwriteOpenForWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testOverwriteOpenForWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testServerDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testServerDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testServerDefaultsWithCaching hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileCreation#testServerDefaultsWithMinimalCaching hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileLengthOnClusterRestart#testFileLengthWithHSyncAndClusterRestartWithOutDNsRegister hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileLengthOnClusterRestart#testFileLengthWithHSyncAndClusterRestartWithOutDNsRegister hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileInfo hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileInfo hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnNonExistantFileDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testGetFileStatusOnNonExistantFileDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testListStatusOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatus#testListStatusOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatusWithDefaultECPolicy#testFileStatusWithECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatusWithDefaultECPolicy#testFileStatusWithECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatusWithRandomECPolicy#testFileStatusWithECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileStatusWithRandomECPolicy#testFileStatusWithECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSInputChecker#testFSInputChecker hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSInputChecker#testFSInputChecker hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSOutputSummer#TestDFSCheckSumType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSOutputSummer#TestDFSCheckSumType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSOutputSummer#testFSOutputSummer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFSOutputSummer#testFSOutputSummer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFsShellPermission#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFsShellPermission#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetBlocks#testGetBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetBlocks#testGetBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetBlocks#testReadSelectNonStaleDatanode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetBlocks#testReadSelectNonStaleDatanode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetFileChecksum#testGetFileChecksumForBlocksUnderConstruction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetFileChecksum#testGetFileChecksumForBlocksUnderConstruction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetFileChecksum#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestGetFileChecksum#testGetFileChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHAAuxiliaryPort#testHAAuxiliaryPort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testGetKeyProvider hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testGetKeyProvider hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminSetQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminSetQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminStoragePolicies hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminStoragePolicies hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminWithBadUri hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testHdfsAdminWithBadUri hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testListOpenFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHdfsAdmin#testListOpenFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testFilesystemIsCaseSensitive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testFilesystemIsCaseSensitive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testFsStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testFsStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatusRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatusRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testListStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testLSRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testLSRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirsWithUmask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMkdirsWithUmask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMoveDirUnderParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMoveDirUnderParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMoveFileUnderParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMoveFileUnderParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMultiByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testMultiByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOverWriteAndRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOverWriteAndRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameChildDirForbidden hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameChildDirForbidden hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirToSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameDirToSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileToSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameFileToSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameRootDirForbidden hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameRootDirForbidden hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameToDirWithSamePrefixAllowed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRenameToDirWithSamePrefixAllowed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRootDirAlwaysExists hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testRootDirAlwaysExists hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testZeroByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSFileSystemContract#testZeroByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testBackupNodePorts hdfs:BackupNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testBackupNodePorts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testDataNodePorts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testDataNodePorts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testNameNodePorts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testSecondaryNodePorts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSServerPorts#testSecondaryNodePorts hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testDeleteTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testDeleteTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testHDFSTrashPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testHDFSTrashPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testMoveEmptyDirToTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testMoveEmptyDirToTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testNonDefaultFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testNonDefaultFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testTrash hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHDFSTrash#testTrash hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_02 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_02 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hFlush_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_00 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_00 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_02 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_02 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlock_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlockAndUpdateLength hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncEndBlockAndUpdateLength hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_00 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_00 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_02 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_02 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#hSyncUpdateLength_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#testHFlushInterrupted hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#testHFlushInterrupted hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#testPipelineHeartbeat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestHFlush#testPipelineHeartbeat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestInjectionForSimulatedStorage#testInjection hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestInjectionForSimulatedStorage#testInjection hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#tesJournalProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#tesJournalProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testClientDatanodeProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testClientDatanodeProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testClientNamenodeProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testClientNamenodeProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testDatanodeProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testDatanodeProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testGetUserMappingsProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testGetUserMappingsProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testInterDatanodeProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testInterDatanodeProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testNamenodeProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testNamenodeProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshAuthorizationPolicyProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshAuthorizationPolicyProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshCallQueueProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshCallQueueProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshUserMappingsProtocol hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestIsMethodSupported#testRefreshUserMappingsProtocol hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLargeBlock#testLargeBlockSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLargeBlock#testLargeBlockSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testCloseWhileRecoverLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testCloseWhileRecoverLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryAfterNameNodeRestart2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryAfterNameNodeRestart2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryAfterNameNodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryAfterNameNodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryWithRenameAfterNameNodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testHardLeaseRecoveryWithRenameAfterNameNodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testImmediateRecoveryOfLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testImmediateRecoveryOfLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testLeaseRecoverByAnotherUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testLeaseRecoverByAnotherUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testSoftLeaseRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery2#testSoftLeaseRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecoveryStriped#testLeaseRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecoveryStriped#testLeaseRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockRecoveryRetryAfterFailedRecovery hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockRecoveryRetryAfterFailedRecovery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockRecoveryWithLessMetafile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockRecoveryWithLessMetafile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockSynchronization hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testBlockSynchronization hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testLeaseRecoveryAndAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLeaseRecovery#testLeaseRecoveryAndAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAbort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAbort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAfterRenameAndRecreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAfterRenameAndRecreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAfterRename hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLeaseAfterRename hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLease#testLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInDFS#testDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInDFS#testDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInDFS#testFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInDFS#testFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testSymbolicLinks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestListFilesInFileContext#testSymbolicLinks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLocalDFS#testHomeDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLocalDFS#testHomeDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLocalDFS#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestLocalDFS#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMaintenanceState#testEnteringMaintenanceExpiration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMaintenanceState#testEnteringMaintenanceExpiration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMaintenanceState#testNodeDeadWhenInEnteringMaintenance hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMaintenanceState#testNodeDeadWhenInEnteringMaintenance hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterNoStorageTypeSetForDatanodes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterNoStorageTypeSetForDatanodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetDatanodeDifferentStorageType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetDatanodeDifferentStorageType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetDatanodeHostname hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetDatanodeHostname hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetStorageCapacity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterSetStorageCapacity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterWithoutSystemProperties hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testClusterWithoutSystemProperties hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testIsClusterUpAfterShutdown hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testIsClusterUpAfterShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testSetUpFederatedCluster hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMiniDFSCluster#testSetUpFederatedCluster hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMissingBlocksAlert#testMissingBlocksAlert hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMissingBlocksAlert#testMissingBlocksAlert hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestModTime#testModTimePersistsAfterRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestModTime#testModTimePersistsAfterRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestModTime#testModTime hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestModTime#testModTime hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testHflushWhileClosing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testHflushWhileClosing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testMultipleHflushersRepl1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testMultipleHflushersRepl1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testMultipleHflushersRepl3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestMultiThreadedHflush#testMultipleHflushersRepl3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitLegacyRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadNoChecksum#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelShortCircuitReadUnCached#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelNoChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadByteBuffer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadCopying hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestParallelUnixDomainRead#testParallelReadMixed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testEarlierVersionEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testEarlierVersionEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartDfsWithAbandonedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartDfsWithAbandonedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#TestRestartDfsWithFlush hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#TestRestartDfsWithFlush hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartWithPartialBlockHflushed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPersistBlocks#testRestartWithPartialBlockHflushed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPipelines#pipeline_01 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPipelines#pipeline_01 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedPreadDFSBasic hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedPreadDFSBasic hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedReadFromAllDNFailed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedReadFromAllDNFailed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedReadLoopTooManyTimes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedReadLoopTooManyTimes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testMaxOutHedgedReadPool hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testMaxOutHedgedReadPool hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSNoChecksum hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSNoChecksum hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSSimulated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSSimulated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadFailureWithChangedBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadFailureWithChangedBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadHedgedFailureWithChangedBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadHedgedFailureWithChangedBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testTruncateWhileReading hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testTruncateWhileReading hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[10] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[10] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[11] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[11] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[8] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[8] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[9] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[9] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecoding#testInvalidateBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecoding#testInvalidateBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecoding#testReportBadBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecoding#testReportBadBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks#testReadFileWithMissingBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks#testReadFileWithMissingBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testEOFWithBlockReaderLocal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testEOFWithBlockReaderLocal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testEOFWithRemoteBlockReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testEOFWithRemoteBlockReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testInterruptReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testInterruptReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testReadReservedPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRead#testReadReservedPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadWhileWriting#pipeline_02_03 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadWhileWriting#pipeline_02_03 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllParityBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllParityBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllParityBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllParityBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameParentToNonexistentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameParentToNonexistentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testFirstDatanodeFailureInPipeline hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testFirstDatanodeFailureInPipeline hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testLastDatanodeFailureInPipeline hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testLastDatanodeFailureInPipeline hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testLessNumberOfLiveDatanodesThanWriteReplaceDatanodeOnFailureRF hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testLessNumberOfLiveDatanodesThanWriteReplaceDatanodeOnFailureRF hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testWithOnlyFirstDatanodeIsAlive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testWithOnlyFirstDatanodeIsAlive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testWithOnlyLastDatanodeIsAlive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeFailureReplication#testWithOnlyLastDatanodeIsAlive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testBestEffort hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testBestEffort hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testReplaceDatanodeOnFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplaceDatanodeOnFailure#testReplaceDatanodeOnFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransferCorruptFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransferCorruptFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransferMissingBlockFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransferMissingBlockFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransfer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testBadBlockReportOnTransfer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testNoExtraReplicationWhenBlockReceivedIsLate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testNoExtraReplicationWhenBlockReceivedIsLate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testPendingReplicationRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testPendingReplicationRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicateLenMismatchedBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicateLenMismatchedBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationSimulatedStorag hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationSimulatedStorag hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationWhenBlockCorruption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationWhenBlockCorruption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationWhileUnderConstruction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testReplicationWhileUnderConstruction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testGetFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testGetFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testINodesInPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testINodesInPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testListDotReserved hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testListDotReserved hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testListRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testListRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReadWriteRaw hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReadWriteRaw hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testRelativePathnames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testRelativePathnames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReservedRawMkdir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReservedRawMkdir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReservedRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testReservedRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testUserReadAccessOnly hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReservedRawPaths#testUserReadAccessOnly hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDualPortDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDualPortDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testDowngrade hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testDowngrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testRejectNewFsImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackCommand hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackWithHAQJM hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackWithHAQJM hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackWithQJM hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeRollback#testRollbackWithQJM hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpoint hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpoint hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithMultipleNN hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithMultipleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithSNN hdfs:SecondaryNameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testDFSAdminDatanodeUpgradeControlCommands hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testDFSAdminRollingUpgradeCommands hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testDFSAdminRollingUpgradeCommands hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalize hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalizeWithMultipleNN hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalizeWithMultipleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQueryAfterRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQuery hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQuery hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQueryWithMultipleNN hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQueryWithMultipleNN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollBackImage hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollBackImage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollingUpgradeWithQJM hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollingUpgradeWithQJM hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testDatanodeThreshold hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testDatanodeThreshold hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testInitializeReplQueuesEarly hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testInitializeReplQueuesEarly hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testManualSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testManualSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testNoExtensionIfNoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testNoExtensionIfNoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testOperationsWhileInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testOperationsWhileInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testRbwBlocksNotConsideredUnderReplicated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testRbwBlocksNotConsideredUnderReplicated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeExceptionText hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeExceptionText hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeUtils hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeUtils hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeWhenZeroBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeMode#testSafeModeWhenZeroBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile0 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testNegativeSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testNegativeSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testSeekBugDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testSeekBugDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testSeekPastFileSize hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSeekBug#testSeekPastFileSize hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepDecreasing#testSetrepDecreasing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepDecreasing#testSetrepDecreasing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepIncreasing#testSetRepOnECFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepIncreasing#testSetRepOnECFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepIncreasing#testSetRepWithStoragePolicyOnEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepIncreasing#testSetRepWithStoragePolicyOnEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testAtimeUpdate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testGetBlockLocationsOnlyUsesReadLock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testTimesAtClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testTimesAtClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testTimes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetTimes#testTimes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSmallBlock#testSmallBlockSimulatedStorage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSmallBlock#testSmallBlockSimulatedStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSmallBlock#testSmallBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSmallBlock#testSmallBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testAllowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testCreateSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testDisallowSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testMaxSnapshotLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testMaxSnapshotLimit hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testMaxSnapshotLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testMkdirUsingReservedName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testMkdirUsingReservedName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotCommandsWithURI hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotCommandsWithURI hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotCommandsWithURI hdfs:SnapshotDiff
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotDiff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotDiff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSnapshotCommands#testSnapshotDiff hdfs:SnapshotDiff
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestTrashWithEncryptionZones#testDeleteEZWithMultipleUsers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestTrashWithEncryptionZones#testDeleteEZWithMultipleUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestTrashWithEncryptionZones#testDeleteWithinEncryptionZone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestTrashWithEncryptionZones#testDeleteWithinEncryptionZone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testChangeRootDirEcPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testChangeRootDirEcPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testDifferentReplicaFactor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testDifferentReplicaFactor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testEcPolicyOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testEcPolicyOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNestedEcPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNestedEcPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNonExistentDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNonExistentDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicyInEditLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicyInEditLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetRootDirEcPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetRootDirEcPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteBlockGetsBlockLengthHint#blockLengthHintIsPropagated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteBlockGetsBlockLengthHint#blockLengthHintIsPropagated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteConfigurationToDFS#testWriteConf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteConfigurationToDFS#testWriteConf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testConcatWithDifferentECPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testConcatWithDifferentECPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEqualsWithOneCell hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testLessThanFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testWriteReadUsingWebHdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteReadStripedFile#testWriteReadUsingWebHdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testReadPosCurrentBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testReadPosCurrentBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testWriteReadPos hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testWriteReadPos hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testWriteReadSeq hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestWriteRead#testWriteReadSeq hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testGenerated hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testGenerated hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testOfflineEditsViewerHelpMessage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testOfflineEditsViewerHelpMessage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testProcessorWithSameTypeFormatFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testProcessorWithSameTypeFormatFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testRecoveryMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testRecoveryMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStatisticsStrWithNullOpCodeCount hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStatisticsStrWithNullOpCodeCount hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStored hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStored hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testPBDelimitedWriterForAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testPBDelimitedWriterForAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testPBImageXmlWriterForAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testPBImageXmlWriterForAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testWebImageViewerForAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForAcl#testWebImageViewerForAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForDirContainsSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForDirContainsSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForSymlink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryForSymlink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryResponseCode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForContentSummary#testGetContentSummaryResponseCode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testResponseCode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testResponseCode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithCodecParameters hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithCodecParameters hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithOutParameters hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithOutParameters hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithParameters hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForGetXAttrsWithParameters hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForListXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWebImageViewerForListXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWithWebHdfsFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerForXAttr#testWithWebHdfsFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testFileDistributionCalculatorWithOptions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testFileDistributionCalculatorWithOptions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testInvalidProcessorOption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testInvalidProcessorOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testPBDelimitedWriter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testPBDelimitedWriter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testWebImageViewer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewer#testWebImageViewer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileEqualToOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileEqualToOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileFullBlockGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileHavingMultipleBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileHavingMultipleBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLessThanOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLessThanOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileMoreThanOneStripe hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileMoreThanOneStripe hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testComputeMetaCommand hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testComputeMetaCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testRecoverLeaseforFileNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testRecoverLeaseforFileNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testRecoverLease hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testRecoverLease hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testVerifyMetaCommand hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDebugAdmin#testVerifyMetaCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDelegationTokenFetcher#testDelegationTokenWithoutRenewerViaRPC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testCheckNumOfBlocksInReportCommand hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testDataNodeGetReconfigurableProperties hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testDataNodeGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testDataNodeGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testDataNodeGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testDFSAdminUnreachableDatanode hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testGetDatanodeInfo hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testGetVolumeReport hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testListOpenFiles hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testNameNodeGetReconfigurableProperties hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testNameNodeGetReconfigurationStatus hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testPrintTopology hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testRefreshProxyUser hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testReportCommand hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdmin#testSetBalancerBandwidth hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgrade hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSave hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSave hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueue hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueue hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodes hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAcl hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespace hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespace hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1DownNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1DownNN2Up hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidth hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidth hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetNegativeBalancerBandwidth hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetNegativeBalancerBandwidth hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetSafeMode hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testUpgradeCommand hdfs:JournalNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testUpgradeCommand hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testCheckHealth hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testFencer hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testGetServiceState hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testObserverIllegalTransition hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testObserverTransition hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testStateTransition hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testTransitionToActiveWhenOtherNamenodeisActive hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testTryFailoverToSafeMode hdfs:DFSHAAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSZKFailoverController#testFailoverAndBackOnNNShutdown hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSZKFailoverController#testManualFailover hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSZKFailoverController#testManualFailoverWithDFSHAAdmin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSZKFailoverController#testThreadDumpCaptureAfterNNStateChange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetConf#TestGetConfExcludeCommand hdfs:GetConf
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetConf#TestGetConfIncludeCommand hdfs:GetConf
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testExistingInterleavedWithNonExistentUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testExistingUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testMultipleExistingUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testMultipleNonExistingUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testNonExistentUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestGetGroups#testNoUserGiven hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestStoragePolicySatisfyAdminCommands#testStoragePolicySatisfierCommand hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testStoragePolicyCommandPathWithSchema hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testStoragePolicyCommandPathWithSchema hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testStoragePolicyRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestViewFSStoragePolicyCommands#testStoragePolicyRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndGetStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestWebHDFSStoragePolicyCommands#testSetAndUnsetStoragePolicy hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testConcat hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testConcat hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testCopyToLocalWithUseRawLocalFileSystemOption hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testCopyToLocalWithUseRawLocalFileSystemOption hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testFsStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testFsStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGetWrappedInputStream hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGetWrappedInputStream hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithEmptyPathResults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathMatchesAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultiplePathWildcardsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithMultipleWildCardMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithNoMatchingPathsAndNonTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusFilterWithSomePathMatchesAndTrivialFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusSomeMatchesInDirectories hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusThrowsExceptionForUnreadableDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusThrowsExceptionForUnreadableDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithMultipleMatchesOfSingleChar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithMultipleWildCardMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testGlobStatusWithNoMatchesInPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testJsonParseClosesInputStream hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testJsonParseClosesInputStream hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusFilterWithNoMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusFilterWithSomeMatches hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForUnreadableDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForUnreadableDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testListStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryAsNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameDirectoryToNonExistentParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToDestinationWithParentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToExistingParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToItself hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameFileToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWDAbsolute hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWDAbsolute hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestFSMainOperationsWebHdfs#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDeDuplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewDirWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileIntermediate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclNewFileWithMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultAclRenamedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testDefaultMinimalAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testEffectiveAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testGetAclStatusRequiresTraverseOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testModifyAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testOnlyAccessAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntriesStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclEntries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclMinimalAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testRemoveDefaultAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclCustomMask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclDefaultOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMinimalDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMinimal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclMustBeOwnerOrSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclPathNotFound hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAclStickyBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionCannotSetAclBit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermissionOnlyDefault hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSetPermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementPermsDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testSkipAclEnforcementSuper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSAcl#testUMaskDefaultAclNewFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testCaseInsensitive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testCaseInsensitive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDatanodeCreateMissingParameter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDatanodeCreateMissingParameter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteEmptyDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testDeleteRecursively hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testFilesystemIsCaseSensitive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testFilesystemIsCaseSensitive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testFsStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testFsStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testGetFileBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testGetFileBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testGetFileStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testInputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testLengthParamLongerThanFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testLengthParamLongerThanFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatusRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatusRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatusThrowsExceptionForNonExistentFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testListStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testLSRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testLSRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirsFailsForSubdirectoryOfExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirsWithUmask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMkdirsWithUmask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMoveDirUnderParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMoveDirUnderParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMoveFileUnderParent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMoveFileUnderParent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMultiByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testMultiByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOffsetPlusLengthParamsLongerThanFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOffsetPlusLengthParamsLongerThanFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOpenNonExistFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOpenNonExistFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOutputStreamClosedTwice hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOverWriteAndRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOverWriteAndRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameChildDirForbidden hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameChildDirForbidden hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirectoryMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirToSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameDirToSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileAsExistingFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToExistingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileMoveToNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileToSelf hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameFileToSelf hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameNonExistentPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameRootDirForbidden hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameRootDirForbidden hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameToDirWithSamePrefixAllowed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRenameToDirWithSamePrefixAllowed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testResponseCode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testResponseCode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRootDirAlwaysExists hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRootDirAlwaysExists hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRootDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testRootDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testSeek hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testSeek hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWorkingDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteInNonExistentDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteEmptyFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteHalfABlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneAndAHalfBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteOneBlock hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testWriteReadAndDeleteTwoBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testZeroByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsFileSystemContract#testZeroByteFilesAreFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testClientFailoverWhenStandbyNNHasStaleCredentials hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testFailoverAfterOpen hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testFailoverAfterOpen hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testHA hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testMultipleNamespacesConfigured hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testMultipleNamespacesConfigured hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testRetryWhileNNStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSForHA#testSecureHAToken hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testContentSummary hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testCreateWithNoDN hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testCustomizedUserAndGroupNames hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testCustomizedUserAndGroupNames hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testDTInInsecureCluster hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testDTInInsecureClusterWithFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testECPolicyCommands hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testECPolicyInFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testECPolicyInFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testExceedingFileSpaceQuota hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testExceedingFileSpaceQuota hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testExceptionPropogationInAbstractRunner hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testExceptionPropogationInAbstractRunner hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testFsserverDefaultsBackwardsCompatible hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testFsserverDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testGetHomeDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testGetHomeDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testGetTrashRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testLargeDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testLargeDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testLargeFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testLargeFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testNamenodeRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testNamenodeRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testQuotaUsage hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testQuotaUsage hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testRaceWhileNNStartup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testSetStoragePolicyWhenPolicyDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testStoragePolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsAllowandDisallowSnapshots hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsCreateNonRecursive hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsCreateNonRecursive hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsCreateSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsDeleteSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsErasureCodingFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsErasureCodingFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsGetBlockLocations hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsGetBlockLocations hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsGetBlockLocationsWithStorageType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsGetBlockLocationsWithStorageType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsNoRedirect hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsNoRedirect hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsOffsetAndLength hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsOffsetAndLength hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsPread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsPread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsReadRetries hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsReadRetries hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsRenameSnapshot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsSnapshotDiff hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsSnapshotDiff hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsSnapshottableDirectoryList hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFS#testWebHdfsSnapshottableDirectoryList hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsTokens#testLazyTokenFetchForWebhdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsTokens#testLazyTokenFetchForWebhdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsTokens#testSetTokenServiceAndKind hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsBackwardCompatibleSpecialCharacterFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsBackwardCompatibleSpecialCharacterFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsPathWithSemicolon hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsPathWithSemicolon hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsSpecialCharacterFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsUrl#testWebHdfsSpecialCharacterFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithAuthenticationFilter#testWebHdfsAuthFilter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithAuthenticationFilter#testWebHdfsAuthFilter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithMultipleNameNodes#testRedirect hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithMultipleNameNodes#testRedirect hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testCreate[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testDelete[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testGetFileStatus[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[4] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[4] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[5] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[5] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[6] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[6] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[7] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHdfsWithRestCsrfPreventionFilter#testTruncate[7] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testCleanupXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testCreateXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testGetXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testListXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRawXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRemoveXAttrPermissions hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRemoveXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testRenameFileWithXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testReplaceXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testSetXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testUnreadableBySuperuserXAttr hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.web.TestWebHDFSXAttr#testXAttrAcl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#createFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#createFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorNoNameNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorNoNameNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFailedClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFailedClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFailedWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFailedWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFlushThread hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testFlushThread hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testInitWithNoHDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testInitWithNoHDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testNoAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testNoAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedClose hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedClose hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentOverwrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentOverwrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testWrite hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testWrite hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.net.TestNetworkTopology#testInvalidNetworkTopologiesNotCachedInHdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.net.TestNetworkTopology#testInvalidNetworkTopologiesNotCachedInHdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAccess hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAccess hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclGetFileLinkStatusTargetNotReadable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclGetFileLinkStatusTargetNotReadable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclReadTargetNotReadable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclReadTargetNotReadable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameSrcNotWritableFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameSrcNotWritableFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameSrcNotWritableFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameSrcNotWritableFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameTargetNotWritableFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameTargetNotWritableFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameTargetNotWritableFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testAclRenameTargetNotWritableFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testDelete hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testDelete hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testFileStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testFileStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testReadWhenTargetNotReadable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testReadWhenTargetNotReadable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameLinkTargetNotWritableFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameLinkTargetNotWritableFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameLinkTargetNotWritableFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameLinkTargetNotWritableFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameSrcNotWritableFC hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameSrcNotWritableFC hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameSrcNotWritableFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermissionSymlinks#testRenameSrcNotWritableFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermission#testCreate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermission#testCreate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermission#testFilePermission hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestPermission#testFilePermission hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestRefreshUserMappings#testGroupMappingRefresh hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.security.TestRefreshUserMappings#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testExceptionResultsInNormalError hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testInvalidCommand hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testInvalidIdentifier hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testMultipleRegistration hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testMultipleReturnCodeMerging hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testUnregistrationReturnValue hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testUnregistrationReturnValue hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testUnregistration hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testValidIdentifier hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestGenericRefresh#testVariableArgs hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestRefreshCallQueue#testRefreshCallQueueWithFairCallQueue hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestRefreshCallQueue#testRefreshCallQueueWithFairCallQueue hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.TestRefreshCallQueue#testRefresh hdfs:DFSAdmin
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.test.TestHFSTestCase#testHadoopFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.test.TestHFSTestCase#testHadoopFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestJMXGet#testDataNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestJMXGet#testDataNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestJMXGet#testNameNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestJMXGet#testNameNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTraceAdmin#testCreateAndDestroySpanReceiver hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTraceAdmin#testCreateAndDestroySpanReceiver hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTracingShortCircuitLocalRead#testShortCircuitTraceHooks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTracingShortCircuitLocalRead#testShortCircuitTraceHooks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTracing#testTracing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hdfs org.apache.hadoop.tracing.TestTracing#testTracing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithIllegalArguments yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithIllegalArguments yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithIllegalArguments yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithMissingArgumentValue yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithMissingArgumentValue yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithMissingArgumentValue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:ApplicationMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testSpecifyingLogAggregationContext yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testSpecifyingLogAggregationContext yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testSpecifyingLogAggregationContext yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:Client
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncherError yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncherError yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncherError yarn:UnmanagedAMLauncher
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncher yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncher yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncher yarn:UnmanagedAMLauncher
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientOnRMRestart#testAMRMClientForUnregisterAMOnRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientOnRMRestart#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOverOnRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientOnRMRestart#testAMRMClientResendsRequestsOnRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByPlacementProcessor yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByPlacementProcessor yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByScheduler yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByScheduler yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[0] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[1] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[2] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyE2E yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyE2E yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyTokenRenewal yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyTokenRenewal yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testE2ETokenSwap yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testE2ETokenSwap yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testMixedAllocationAndRelease yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testMixedAllocationAndRelease yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestTimelineClientForATS1_5#testPostEntitiesToKeepUnderUserDir yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestTimelineClientForATS1_5#testPostEntities yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestTimelineClientForATS1_5#testPutDomainToKeepUnderUserDir yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestTimelineClientForATS1_5#testPutDomain yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testApplicationType[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testApplicationType[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testApplicationTypeLimit[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testApplicationTypeLimit[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testClientStop[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testClientStop[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testKillApplication[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testKillApplication[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testShouldNotRetryForeverForNonNetworkExceptions[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testShouldNotRetryForeverForNonNetworkExceptions[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testCancelDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testCancelDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testForceKillApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testForceKillApplicationOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptReportOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptsOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationReportOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationsOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterNodesOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterNodesOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainersOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainersOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueInfoOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueInfoOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueUserAclsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueUserAclsOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testMoveApplicationAcrossQueuesOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testMoveApplicationAcrossQueuesOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testSubmitApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testSubmitApplicationOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testAllocateOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testFinishApplicationMasterOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testRegisterApplicationMasterOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider#testFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider#testFederationRMFailoverProxyProviderWithoutFlushFacadeCache yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testExistingInterleavedWithNonExistentUsers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testExistingUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testMultipleExistingUsers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testMultipleNonExistingUsers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testNonExistentUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestGetGroups#testNoUserGiven yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestHedgingRequestRMFailoverProxyProvider#testHedgingRequestProxyProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshAdminAcls yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshQueues yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshServiceAcls yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceManagerAdministrationProtocolPBClientImpl#testUpdateNodeResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestResourceTrackerOnHA#testResourceTrackerOnHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testEmbeddedWebAppProxy yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testEmbeddedWebAppProxy yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testExplicitFailover yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testExplicitFailover yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testRMWebAppRedirect yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testWebAppProxyInStandAloneMode yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testWebAppProxyInStandAloneMode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testWebAppProxyInStandAloneMode yarn:WebAppProxyServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testLaunch yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testLaunchWithArguments yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.launcher.TestContainerLaunch#testContainerEnvVariables yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.launcher.TestContainerLaunch#testDelayedKill yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.launcher.TestContainerLaunch#testImmediateKill yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.launcher.TestContainerLaunch#testKillProcessGroup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.localizer.TestContainerLocalizer#testDiskCheckFailure yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.logaggregation.TestLogAggregationService#testLogAggregationForRealContainerLaunch yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.monitor.TestContainersMonitor#testContainerKillOnMemoryOverflow yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testLinuxContainerExecutorWithResourcePluginsEnabled yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testNodeStatusUpdaterWithResourcePluginsEnabled yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testResourcePluginManagerInitialization yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManagerRecovery#testContainerResizeRecovery yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManagerRecovery#testContainerSchedulerRecovery yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManagerRecovery#testResourceMappingRecoveryForContainer yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testChangeContainerResource yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerLaunchAndExitFailure yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerLaunchAndExitSuccess yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerRestart yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerSetup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeLocalizationFailure yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeProcessFailure yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeRollbackDueToFailure yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeSuccessAutoCommit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeSuccessExplicitCommit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testContainerUpgradeSuccessExplicitRollback yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testForcefulShutdownSignal yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testGracefulShutdownSignal yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testLocalFilesCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testLocalingResourceWhileContainerRunning yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.TestContainerManager#testOutputThreadDumpSignal yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestDefaultContainerExecutor#testStartLocalizer yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerMXBean#testNodeManagerMXBean yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerReboot#testClearLocalDirWhenNodeReboot yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerReboot#testClearLocalDirWhenNodeReboot yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testContainerResourceIncreaseIsSynchronizedWithRMResync yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testContainerResourceIncreaseIsSynchronizedWithRMResync yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testKillContainersOnResync yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testKillContainersOnResync yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMMultipleResyncEvent yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMSentContainerStatusOnResync yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMshutdownWhenResyncThrowException yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testPreserveContainersOnResyncKeepingContainers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testPreserveContainersOnResyncKeepingContainers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerShutdown#testKillContainersOnShutdown yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerShutdown#testKillContainersOnShutdown yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerShutdown#testStateStoreRemovalOnDecommission yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForAttributes#testInvalidNodeAttributesFromProvider yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForAttributes#testNodeStatusUpdaterForNodeAttributes yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForLabels#testInvalidNodeLabelsFromProvider yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForLabels#testNodeStatusUpdaterForNodeLabels yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testApplicationKeepAlive yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCleanedupApplicationContainerCleanup yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCompletedContainersIsRecentlyStopped yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCompletedContainerStatusBackup yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMConnectionToRM yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMRegistration yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMRMConnectionConf yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMShutdownForRegistrationFailure yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNodeDecommision yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNodeStatusUpdaterRetryAndNMShutdown yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNodeStatusUpdaterRetryAndNMShutdown yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNoRegistrationWhenNMServicesFail yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRecentlyFinishedContainers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRemovePreviousCompletedContainersFromContext yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRMVersionLessThanMinimum yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testSignalContainerToContainerManager yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testStopReentrant yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.ahs.TestRMApplicationHistoryWriter#testRMWritingMassiveHistoryForCapacitySche yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.ahs.TestRMApplicationHistoryWriter#testRMWritingMassiveHistoryForFairSche yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartNotLostContainerAfterAttemptFailuresValidityInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartNotLostContainerAfterAttemptFailuresValidityInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartNotLostContainerCompleteMsg[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartNotLostContainerCompleteMsg[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartWithExistingContainers[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testAMRestartWithExistingContainers[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testContainersFromPreviousAttemptsWithRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testContainersFromPreviousAttemptsWithRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testMaxAttemptOneMeansOne[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testMaxAttemptOneMeansOne[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testNMTokensRebindOnAMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testNMTokensRebindOnAMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testPreemptedAMRestartOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testPreemptedAMRestartOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testQueueResourceDoesNotLeak[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testQueueResourceDoesNotLeak[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testRMAppAttemptFailuresValidityInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testRMAppAttemptFailuresValidityInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testRMRestartOrFailoverNotCountedForAMFailures[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testRMRestartOrFailoverNotCountedForAMFailures[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testShouldNotCountFailureToMaxAttemptRetry[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRestart#testShouldNotCountFailureToMaxAttemptRetry[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRMRPCNodeUpdates#testAMRMDecommissioningNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRMRPCNodeUpdates#testAMRMUnusableNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.applicationsmanager.TestAMRMRPCResponseId#testARRMResponseId yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.federation.TestFederationRMStateStoreService#testFederationStateStoreService yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingNoService yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingV1V2Enabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingV2Enabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.monitor.TestSchedulingMonitor#testRMUpdateSchedulingEditPolicy yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.nodelabels.TestRMDelegatedNodeLabelsUpdater#testWithNodeLabelUpdateDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.nodelabels.TestRMDelegatedNodeLabelsUpdater#testWithNodeLabelUpdateEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.nodelabels.TestRMNodeLabelsManager#testBackwardsCompatableMirror yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.nodelabels.TestRMNodeLabelsManager#testcheckRemoveFromClusterNodeLabelsOfQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.placement.TestPlacementManager#testPlaceApplicationWithPlacementRuleChain yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testCheckMajorVersionChange hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testCheckMajorVersionChange hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testFSRMStateStoreClientRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testFSRMStateStoreClientRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testFSRMStateStore hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testFSRMStateStore hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testHDFSRMStateStore hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.recovery.TestFSRMStateStore#testHDFSRMStateStore hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.resource.TestResourceProfiles#testResourceProfilesInAMResponse yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.resourcetracker.TestNMReconnect#testDecommissioningNodeReconnect[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.resourcetracker.TestNMReconnect#testDecommissioningNodeReconnect[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.resourcetracker.TestNMReconnect#testRMNodeStatusAfterReconnect[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.resourcetracker.TestNMReconnect#testRMNodeStatusAfterReconnect[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.attempt.TestAMLivelinessMonitor#testResetTimer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testApplicationLifetimeMonitor[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testApplicationLifetimeMonitor[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testApplicationLifetimeOnRMRestart[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testApplicationLifetimeOnRMRestart[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testUpdateApplicationTimeoutForStateStoreUpdateFail[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestApplicationLifetimeMonitor#testUpdateApplicationTimeoutForStateStoreUpdateFail[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmapp.TestNodesListManager#testNodeUsableEvent yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmcontainer.TestRMContainerImpl#testExistenceOfResourceRequestInRMContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmcontainer.TestRMContainerImpl#testStoreAllContainerMetrics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.rmcontainer.TestRMContainerImpl#testStoreOnlyAMContainerMetrics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestLeveldbConfigurationStore#testRestartReadsFromUpdatedStore yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testConfigurationUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testFailoverAfterRemoveQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testFailoverReadsFromUpdatedStore yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testMaxLogs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testNullConfigurationUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testPersistConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testPersistUpdatedConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.conf.TestZKConfigurationStore#testVersioning yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestAbsoluteResourceConfiguration#testComplexValidateAbsoluteResourceConfig yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestAbsoluteResourceConfiguration#testEffectiveMinMaxResourceConfigurartionPerQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestAbsoluteResourceConfiguration#testEffectiveResourceAfterIncreasingClusterResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestAbsoluteResourceConfiguration#testEffectiveResourceAfterReducingClusterResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestAbsoluteResourceConfiguration#testSimpleValidateAbsoluteResourceConfig yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testAMLimitByAllResources yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testAMResourceLimitForMultipleApplications yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testAMResourceLimitWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testAtleastOneAMRunPerPartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testDefaultAMLimitFromQueueForPartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimitsByPartition#testUserAMResourceLimitWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationLimits#testApplicationLimitSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriorityACLs#testApplicationACLs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testApplicationOrderingWithPriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testApplicationPriorityAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testApplicationPriorityAllocationWithChangeInPriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testMaxPriorityValidation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testOrderOfActivatingThePriorityApplicationOnRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testPriorityWithPendingApplications yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testRMRestartWithChangeInPriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testUpdateInvalidPriorityAtRuntime yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testUpdatePriorityAtRuntime yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestApplicationPriority#testUpdatePriorityOnPendingAppAndKillAttempt yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testAsyncSchedulerSkipNoHeartbeatNMs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testCommitDuplicatedAllocateFromReservedProposals yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testCommitOutdatedReservedProposal yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testCommitProposalForFailedAppAttempt yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testCommitProposalsForUnusableNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testNodeResourceOverAllocated yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testReleaseOutdatedReservedContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testReturnNullWhenGetSchedulerContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testSingleThreadAsyncContainerAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testThreeThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAsyncScheduling#testTwoThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPreemptionForFragmentatedCluster yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPreemptionFromHighestPriorityManagedParentQueueAndOldestContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPreemptionToBalanceWithCustomTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPriorityPreemptionFromHighestPriorityQueueAndOldestContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPriorityPreemptionOnlyTriggeredWhenDemandingQueueUnsatisfied yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPriorityPreemptionRequiresMoveReservation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPriorityPreemptionWhenAllQueuesAreBelowGuaranteedCapacities yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testPriorityPreemptionWithNodeLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testSimpleSurgicalPreemptionOnAutoCreatedLeafQueues yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testSimpleSurgicalPreemption yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoCreatedQueuePreemption#testSurgicalPreemptionWithAvailableResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testAutoCreatedQueueActivationDeactivation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testAutoCreateLeafQueueCreation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testAutoCreateLeafQueueFailsWithNoQueueMapping yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testAutoCreationFailsWhenParentCapacityExceeded yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testClusterResourceUpdationOnAutoCreatedLeafQueues yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testConvertAutoCreateDisabledOnManagedParentQueueFails yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testConvertFailsFromParentQueueToManagedParentQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testConvertLeafQueueToParentQueueWithAutoCreate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testParentQueueUpdateInQueueMappingFailsAfterAutoCreation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testQueueMappingUpdatesFailsOnRemovalOfParentQueueInMapping yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testQueueMappingValidationFailsWithInvalidParentQueueInMapping yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testReinitializeQueuesWithAutoCreatedLeafQueues yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerAutoQueueCreation#testReinitializeStoppedAutoCreatedLeafQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerDynamicBehavior#testAddQueueFailCases yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerDynamicBehavior#testMoveAppToPlanQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerDynamicBehavior#testRefreshQueuesWithReservations yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerDynamicBehavior#testRemoveQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerLazyPreemption#testPreemptionConsidersHardNodeLocality yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerLazyPreemption#testPreemptionConsidersNodeLocalityDelay yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerLazyPreemption#testPreemptionConsidersUserLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerLazyPreemption#testPreemptionPolicyShouldRespectAlreadyMarkedKillableContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerLazyPreemption#testSimplePreemption yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerMultiNodes#testAllocateForReservedContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerMultiNodes#testMultiNodeSorterForScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerMultiNodes#testMultiNodeSorterForSchedulingWithOrdering yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testAMResourceLimitNodeUpdatePartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testAMResourceUsageWhenNodeUpdatesPartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testBlacklistAMDisableLabel yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testComplexResourceUsageWhenNodeUpdatesPartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testMoveApplicationWithLabel yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testNodeCountBasedOnNodeLabelsFromClusterNodeTracker yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testRequestContainerAfterNodePartitionUpdated yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerNodeLabelUpdate#testResourceUsageWhenNodeUpdatesPartition yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerQueueACLs#testApplicationACLs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerQueueMappingFactory#testUpdatePlacementRulesFactory yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSchedulingRequestUpdate#testBasicPendingResourceUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSchedulingRequestUpdate#testNodePartitionPendingResourceUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPreemptionForFragmentatedCluster yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPreemptionToBalanceWithCustomTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPriorityPreemptionFromHighestPriorityQueueAndOldestContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPriorityPreemptionOnlyTriggeredWhenDemandingQueueUnsatisfied yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPriorityPreemptionRequiresMoveReservation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPriorityPreemptionWhenAllQueuesAreBelowGuaranteedCapacities yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testPriorityPreemptionWithNodeLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testSimpleSurgicalPreemption yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerSurgicalPreemption#testSurgicalPreemptionWithAvailableResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAllocateDoesNotBlockOnSchedulerLock yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAllocateReorder yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMLimitDouble yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMLimitUsage yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMUsedResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAppAttemptLocalityStatistics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testApplicationHeadRoom yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAppReservationWithDominantResourceCalculator yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAsyncScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testBlackListNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testClearRequestsBeforeApplyTheProposal yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testContainerAllocationLocalitySkipped yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testCSQueueBlocked yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testCSReservationWithRootUnblocked yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testHeadRoomCalculationWithDRC yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testHierarchyQueuesCurrentLimits yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testKillAllAppsInQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testKillAllAppsInvalidSource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAllAppsInvalidDestination yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAllAppsInvalidSource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAllApps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAppBasic yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAppSameParent yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAppWithActiveUsersWithOnlyPendingApps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testMoveAttemptNotAdded yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testParentQueueMaxCapsAreRespected yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testPendingResourceUpdatedAccordingToIncreaseRequestChanges yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testPreemptionInfo yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testQueueHierarchyPendingResourceUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testQueueMappingWithCurrentUserQueueMappingForaGroup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testRecoverRequestAfterPreemption yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testResourceOverCommit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testSchedulerKeyGarbageCollection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testSchedulingOnRemovedNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacitySchedulerWithMultiResourceTypes#testMaximumAllocationRefreshWithMultipleResourceTypes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testActiveUsersWithOnlyPendingApps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testAllocationCannotBeBlockedWhenFormerQueueReachedItsLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testAllocationForReservedContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testAMContainerAllocationWhenDNSUnavailable yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testAssignMultipleOffswitchContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testContainerRejectionWhenAskBeyondDynamicMax yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testContainerTokenGeneratedOnPullRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testContinuousReservationLookingWhenUsedEqualsMax yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testExcessReservationThanNodeManagerCapacity yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testExcessReservationWillBeUnreserved yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testLogAggregationContextPassedIntoContainerToken yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testNormalContainerAllocationWhenDNSUnavailable yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testPendingResourcesConsideringUserLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testQueuePriorityOrdering yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testReservedContainerMetricsOnDecommisionedNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testUnreserveWhenClusterResourceHasEmptyResourceType yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerAllocation#testUserLimitAllocationMultipleContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testDecreaseContainerWillNotDeadlockContainerAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testExcessiveReservationWhenCancelIncreaseRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testExcessiveReservationWhenDecreaseSameContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testIncreaseContainerUnreservedWhenApplicationCompleted yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testIncreaseContainerUnreservedWhenContainerCompleted yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testIncreaseRequestWithNoHeadroomLeft yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testOrderOfIncreaseContainerRequestAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testSimpleDecreaseContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testSimpleIncreaseContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestContainerResizing#testSimpleIncreaseRequestReservation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCSAllocateCustomResource#testCapacitySchedulerJobWhenConfigureCustomResourceType yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestIncreaseAllocationExpirer#testConsecutiveContainerIncreaseAllocationExpiration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestIncreaseAllocationExpirer#testContainerIncreaseAllocationExpiration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestIncreaseAllocationExpirer#testContainerIsRemovedFromAllocationExpirer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestIncreaseAllocationExpirer#testDecreaseAfterIncreaseWithAllocationExpiration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestLeafQueue#testConcurrentAccess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testAMContainerAllocationWillAlwaysBeExclusive yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testContainerAllocateWithComplexLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testContainerAllocateWithDefaultQueueLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testContainerAllocateWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testContainerAllocationWithSingleUserLimits yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testContainerReservationWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testNonLabeledResourceRequestGetPreferrenceToNonLabeledNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testOrderOfAllocationOnPartitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testOrderOfAllocationOnPartitionsWhenAccessibilityIsAll yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testParentQueueMaxCapsAreRespected yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testPreferenceOfNeedyAppsTowardsNodePartitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testPreferenceOfNeedyPrioritiesUnderSameAppTowardsNodePartitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testPreferenceOfQueuesTowardsNodePartitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueMaxCapacitiesWillNotBeHonoredWhenNotRespectingExclusivity yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueMetricsWithLabelsDisableElasticity yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueMetricsWithLabelsOnDefaultLabelNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueMetricsWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueMetricsWithMixedLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueuesWithoutAccessUsingPartitionedNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testQueueUsedCapacitiesUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testResourceRequestUpdateNodePartitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestNodeLabelContainerAllocation#testRMContainerLeakInLeafQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestQueueManagementDynamicEditPolicy#testEditSchedule yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestQueueState#testRecoverDrainingStateAfterRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testFiveThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testFiveThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testFourThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testFourThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testSingleThreadAsyncContainerAllocation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testSingleThreadAsyncContainerAllocation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testThreeThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testThreeThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testTwoThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocationAsync#testTwoThreadsAsyncContainerAllocation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppAntiAffinity[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppAntiAffinity[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppCompositeConstraints[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppCompositeConstraints[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppConstraintsWithNamespaces[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testInterAppConstraintsWithNamespaces[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testIntraAppAntiAffinity[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testIntraAppAntiAffinity[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testIntraAppAntiAffinityWithMultipleTags[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testIntraAppAntiAffinityWithMultipleTags[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testMultiAllocationTagsConstraints[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testMultiAllocationTagsConstraints[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testSchedulingRequestDisabledByDefault[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testSchedulingRequestDisabledByDefault[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testSchedulingRequestWithNullConstraint[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestSchedulingRequestContainerAllocation#testSchedulingRequestWithNullConstraint[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestWorkPreservingRMRestartForNodeLabel#testWorkPreservingRestartForNodeLabel yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.algorithm.TestLocalAllocationTagsManager#testTempContainerAllocations yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testAllocationTagsManagerMemoryAfterCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testAllocationTagsManagerRackMapping yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testAllocationTagsManagerSimpleCases yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testMultipleAddRemoveContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testNodeAllocationTagsAggregation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestAllocationTagsManager#testQueryCardinalityWithIllegalParameters yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testANDConstraintAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testGlobalAppConstraints yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testInterAppConstraintsByAppID yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testInterAppConstriantsByAppTag yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testInvalidAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testMultiTagsPlacementConstraints yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testNodeAffinityAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testNodeAntiAffinityAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testNotSelfAppConstraints yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testORConstraintAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testRackAffinityAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementConstraintsUtil#testRackAntiAffinityAssignment yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testAffinityPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testAndOrPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testAntiAffinityPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testCardinalityPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testComplexPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testMutualAntiAffinityPlacement yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testNodeCapacityRejection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testPlacementRejection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testRePlacementAfterSchedulerRejection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.constraint.TestPlacementProcessor#testSchedulerRejection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAllocationFileLoaderService#testGetAllocationFileFromFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAllocationFileLoaderService#testGetAllocationFileFromFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestApplicationMasterServiceWithFS#testQueueLevelContainerAllocationFail yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestApplicationMasterServiceWithFS#testQueueLevelContainerAllocationSuccess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestApplicationMasterServiceWithFS#testSchedulerLevelContainerAllocationSuccess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testAppAdditionAndRemoval yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testDontAllowUndeclaredPools yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testMoveMakesAppRunnable yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testMoveNonRunnableApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testMoveRunnableApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testNotUserAsDefaultQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testPreemptionVariablesForQueueCreatedRuntime yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestAppRunnability#testUserAsDefaultQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testBasic yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testFairSchedulerContinuousSchedulingInitTime yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testInterruptedException yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#TestNodeAvailableResourceComparatorTransitivity yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testSchedulerThreadLifeCycle yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testSortedNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestContinuousScheduling#testWithNodeRemoved yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareMultipleActiveQueuesUnderDifferentParent yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareMultipleActiveQueuesUnderSameParent yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareNoAppsRunning yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareOneAppRunning yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareResetsToZeroWhenAppsComplete yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerFairShare#testFairShareWithDRFMultipleActiveQueuesUnderDifferentParent yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testAppNotPreemptedBelowFairShare[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testAppNotPreemptedBelowFairShare[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testAppNotPreemptedBelowFairShare[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testAppNotPreemptedBelowFairShare[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testNoPreemptionFromDisallowedQueue[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testNoPreemptionFromDisallowedQueue[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testNoPreemptionFromDisallowedQueue[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testNoPreemptionFromDisallowedQueue[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenNonSiblingQueues[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenNonSiblingQueues[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenNonSiblingQueues[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenNonSiblingQueues[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenSiblingQueuesWithParentAtFairShare[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenSiblingQueuesWithParentAtFairShare[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenSiblingQueuesWithParentAtFairShare[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenSiblingQueuesWithParentAtFairShare[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenTwoSiblingLeafQueues[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenTwoSiblingLeafQueues[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenTwoSiblingLeafQueues[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionBetweenTwoSiblingLeafQueues[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionSelectNonAMContainer[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionSelectNonAMContainer[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionSelectNonAMContainer[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionSelectNonAMContainer[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionWithinSameLeafQueue[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionWithinSameLeafQueue[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionWithinSameLeafQueue[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testPreemptionWithinSameLeafQueue[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testRelaxLocalityToNotPreemptAM[FairSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testRelaxLocalityToNotPreemptAM[FairSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testRelaxLocalityToNotPreemptAM[MinSharePreemption] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerPreemption#testRelaxLocalityToNotPreemptAM[MinSharePreemptionWithDRF] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairSchedulerQueueACLs#testApplicationACLs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFairScheduler#testRefreshQueuesWhenRMHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppAttempt#testDelaySchedulingForContinuousScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppAttempt#testDelayScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppAttempt#testHeadroom yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppAttempt#testHeadroomWithBlackListedNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppAttempt#testLocalityLevelWithoutDelays yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppStarvation#testClusterUtilizationThreshold yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppStarvation#testPreemptionDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSAppStarvation#testPreemptionEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSLeafQueue#testConcurrentAccess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSLeafQueue#test yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestFSLeafQueue#testUpdateDemand yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestQueueManagerRealScheduler#testBackwardsCompatiblePreemptionConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fair.TestSchedulingUpdate#testSchedulingUpdateOnNodeJoinLeave yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testAllocateContainerOnNodeWithoutOffSwitchSpecified yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testBlackListNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testDefaultMinimumAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testFifoScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testHeadroom yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testNonDefaultMinimumAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.fifo.TestFifoScheduler#testResourceOverCommit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.policy.TestFairOrderingPolicy#testSizeBasedWeightNotAffectAppActivation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testContainerRecoveredByNode[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testContainerRecoveredByNode[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testContainerReleasedByNode[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testContainerReleasedByNode[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testContainerReleaseWithAllocationTags[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaxAllocationAfterUpdateNodeResource[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaxAllocationAfterUpdateNodeResource[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaximimumAllocationMemory[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaximimumAllocationMemory[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaximimumAllocationVCores[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testMaximimumAllocationVCores[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testNodemanagerReconnect[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testNodemanagerReconnect[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testReleasedContainerIfAppAttemptisNull[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testReleasedContainerIfAppAttemptisNull[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testResourceRequestRecoveryToTheRightAppAttempt[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testResourceRequestRecoveryToTheRightAppAttempt[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testResourceRequestRestoreWhenRMContainerIsAtAllocated[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testResourceRequestRestoreWhenRMContainerIsAtAllocated[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testUpdateMaxAllocationUsesTotal[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testUpdateMaxAllocationUsesTotal[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testUpdateThreadLifeCycle[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestAbstractYarnScheduler#testUpdateThreadLifeCycle[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulerUtils#testValidateResourceBlacklistRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAllocationRequestDiffPriority[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAllocationRequestDiffPriority[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAllocationRequestIds[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAllocationRequestIds[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAppsWithAllocationReqId[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.TestSchedulingWithAllocationRequestId#testMultipleAppsWithAllocationReqId[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testAMRMMasterKeysUpdate[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testAMRMMasterKeysUpdate[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testMasterKeyRollOver[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testMasterKeyRollOver[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testTokenExpiry[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testTokenExpiry[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientToAMTokens[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientToAMTokens[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientTokenRace[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientTokenRace[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testAppSubmissionWithoutDelegationToken yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testAppSubmissionWithPreviousToken yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testCancelWithMultipleAppSubmissions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testRenewTokenUsingTokenConfProvidedByApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testReplaceExpiringDelegationToken yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testRMRestartWithExpiredToken yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testTokensConfExceedLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestRMDelegationTokens#testRemoveExpiredMasterKeyInRMStateStore yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestRMDelegationTokens#testRMDTMasterKeyStateOnRollingMasterKey yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestRMDelegationTokens#testUnknownKeyTokensOnRecover yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testAuthorizedAccess[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testAuthorizedAccess[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testUnauthorizedAccess[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testUnauthorizedAccess[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationACLs#testApplicationACLs[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationACLs#testApplicationACLs[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testAppCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testAppCleanupWhenNMReconnects yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testAppCleanupWhenRMRestartedAfterAppFinished yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testAppCleanupWhenRMRestartedBeforeAppFinished yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testContainerCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testContainerCleanupWhenRMRestartedAppNotRegistered yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationCleanup#testProcessingNMContainerStatusesOnNMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterLauncher#testallocateBeforeAMRegistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterLauncher#testAMCleanupBeforeLaunch yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterLauncher#testAMLaunchAndCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterLauncher#testRetriesOnFailures yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterLauncher#testSetupTokens yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testAllocateAfterUnregister yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testAllocateResponseIdOverflow yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testApplicationMasterInterceptor yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testCSValidateRequestCapacityAgainstMinMaxAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testFinishApplicationMasterBeforeRegistering yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testFSValidateRequestCapacityAgainstMinMaxAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testInvalidContainerReleaseRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testInvalidIncreaseDecreaseRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testPriorityInAllocatedResponse yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testProgressFilter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testRepeatedFinishApplicationMaster yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testResourceTypes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testRMIdentifierOnContainerAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testUpdateTrackingUrl yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testValidateRequestCapacityAgainstMinMaxAllocationFor3rdResourceTypes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testValidateRequestCapacityAgainstMinMaxAllocationWithDifferentUnits yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestCapacitySchedulerMetrics#testCSMetrics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testCreateReservation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testForceKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetAttributesToNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetClusterNodeAttributes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetClusterNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetDecommissioningClusterNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetLabelsToNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetNodeLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetNodesToAttributes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testGetResourceTypesInfoWhenResourceProfileDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByReservationId yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByTimeInterval yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testRegisterNMWithDiffUnits yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testReservationDelete yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testRMStartWithDecommissionedNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testUpdateApplicationPriorityRequest yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testUpdatePriorityAndKillAppWithZeroClusterResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testUpdateReservation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestContainerResourceUsage#testUsageAfterAMRestartKeepContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestContainerResourceUsage#testUsageAfterAMRestartWithMultipleContainers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestContainerResourceUsage#testUsageWithMultipleContainersAndRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestContainerResourceUsage#testUsageWithOneAttemptAndOneContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestDecommissioningNodesWatcher#testDecommissioningNodesWatcher yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestMoveApplication#testMoveRejectedByPermissions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestMoveApplication#testMoveRejectedByScheduler yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestMoveApplication#testMoveSuccessful yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestMoveApplication#testMoveTooLate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailures#testNoBlacklistingForNonSystemErrors yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailures#testNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailureRelaxedNodeLocality yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailures#testNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailureStrictNodeLocality yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailures#testNodeBlacklistingOnAMFailure yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testAMCrashDuringAllocate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testAppAttemptRemovalAfterNodeRemoval yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testContainerAutoUpdateContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testContainerPromoteAfterContainerComplete yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testContainerPromoteAfterContainerStart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testContainerPromoteAndDemoteBeforeContainerStart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testNodeRemovalDuringAllocate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocatorAMService#testRPCWrapping yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testAddNewExcludePathToConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testAddNewIncludePathToConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testDecommissionWithExcludeHosts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testGracefulDecommissionWithApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testHandleContainerStatusInvalidCompletions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testHandleOpportunisticContainerStatus yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testInitDecommMetricNoRegistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testInvalidNMUnregistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNMUnregistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeHeartbeatForAppCollectorsMap yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeHeartBeatResponseForUnknownContainerCleanUp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeHeartBeatWithInvalidLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeHeartbeatWithInvalidNodeAttributes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRegistrationWithCentralLabelConfig yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRegistrationWithInvalidAttributes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRegistrationWithInvalidLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRegistrationWithLabels yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRemovalGracefully yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRemovalNormally yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testResponseIdOverflow yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testSetRMIdentifierInRegistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminAclsWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminAclsWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminAddToClusterNodeLabelsWithDeprecatedAPIs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminRefreshClusterMaxPriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminRefreshNodesWithoutConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminRefreshQueuesWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminRefreshQueuesWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testAdminRefreshQueuesWithMutableSchedulerConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testHAConfWithoutLeaderElection yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testHAConfWithoutServiceInfo yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testHAConfWithSingleRMID yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testMapAttributesToNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testModifyLabelsOnNodesWithCentralizedConfigurationDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testModifyLabelsOnNodesWithDistributedConfigurationDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testModifyLabelsOnUnknownNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshAclWithDaemonUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshNodesResourceWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshNodesResourceWithResourceReturnInHeartbeat yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshNodesResourceWithResourceReturnInRegistration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshNodesWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshNodesWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRemoveClusterNodeLabelsWithCentralizedConfigurationDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testResourcePersistentForNMRegistrationWithNewResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRMHAWithFileSystemBasedConfiguration yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRMInitialsWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testRMStartsWithoutConfigurationFilesProvided yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testSecureRMBecomeActive yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testServiceAclsRefreshWithFileSystemBasedConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMAdminService#testServiceAclsRefreshWithLocalConfigurationProvider yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHAMetrics#testMetricsAfterTransitionToStandby yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testFailoverAndTransitions yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testFailoverClearsRMContext yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testFailoverWhenTransitionToActiveThrowException yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testOpportunisticAllocatorAfterFailover yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testResourceProfilesManagerAfterRMWentStandbyThenBackToActive yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testRMDispatcherForHA yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testTransitionedToActiveRefreshFail yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testTransitionedToStandbyShouldNotHang yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMHA#testTransitionsWhenAutomaticFailoverEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMProxyUsersConf#testProxyUserConfiguration[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMProxyUsersConf#testProxyUserConfiguration[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMProxyUsersConf#testProxyUserConfiguration[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppAttemptTokensRestoredOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppAttemptTokensRestoredOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppFailedOnSubmissionSavedInStateStore[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppFailedOnSubmissionSavedInStateStore[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppRecoveredInOrderOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppRecoveredInOrderOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppReportNodeLabelRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppSubmissionWithOldDelegationTokenAfterRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppSubmissionWithOldDelegationTokenAfterRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testClientRetryOnKillingApplication[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testClientRetryOnKillingApplication[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDecomissionedNMsMetricsOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDecomissionedNMsMetricsOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDelegationTokenRestoredInDelegationTokenRenewer[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDelegationTokenRestoredInDelegationTokenRenewer[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testFinishedAppRemovalAfterRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testFinishedAppRemovalAfterRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testQueueMetricsOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testQueueMetricsOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterNodeLabelDisabled[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterPreemption[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterPriorityChangesInAllocatedResponse[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterPriorityChangesInAllocatedResponse[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterUpdateTrackingUrl[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterUpdateTrackingUrl[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAppRunningAMFailed[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAppRunningAMFailed[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartFailAppAttempt[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartFailAppAttempt[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartFailedApp[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartFailedApp[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartGetApplicationList[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartGetApplicationList[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartKilledApp[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartKilledApp[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartKilledAppWithNoAttempts[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartKilledAppWithNoAttempts[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartNodeMapping[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartNodeMapping[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartOnMaxAppAttempts[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartOnMaxAppAttempts[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartOnMissingAttempts[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartOnMissingAttempts[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartRecoveringNodeLabelManager[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartRecoveringNodeLabelManager[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartSucceededApp[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartSucceededApp[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartTimelineCollectorContext[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartTimelineCollectorContext[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartWaitForPreviousAMToFinish[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartWaitForPreviousAMToFinish[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartWaitForPreviousSucceededAttempt[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartWaitForPreviousSucceededAttempt[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMStateStoreDispatcherDrainedOnRMStop[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMStateStoreDispatcherDrainedOnRMStop[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testSynchronouslyRenewDTOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testSynchronouslyRenewDTOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testUnManagedRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testUnManagedRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testActivatingApplicationAfterAddingNM[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testActivatingApplicationAfterAddingNM[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testApplicationKillAtAcceptedState[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testApplicationKillAtAcceptedState[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testAppOnMultiNode[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testAppOnMultiNode[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testAppWithNoContainers[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testAppWithNoContainers[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testGetNewAppId[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testGetNewAppId[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testInvalidateAMHostPortWhenAMFailedOrKilled[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testInvalidateAMHostPortWhenAMFailedOrKilled[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testInvalidatedAMHostPortOnAMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testInvalidatedAMHostPortOnAMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testKillFailingApp[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testKillFailingApp[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testKillFinishingApp[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testKillFinishingApp[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testNMToken[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testNMToken[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testNMTokenSentForNormalContainer[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRM#testNMTokenSentForNormalContainer[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMTimelineService#testTimelineServiceDisabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMTimelineService#testTimelineServiceV1Enabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMTimelineService#testTimelineServiceV1V2Enabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMTimelineService#testTimelineServiceV2Enabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestSignalContainer#testSignalRequestDeliveryToNM yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAMContainerStatusWithRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAMContainerStatusWithRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAMfailedBetweenRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAMfailedBetweenRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailedToRenewTokenOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailedToRenewTokenOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailToValidateResourceRequestOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailToValidateResourceRequestOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppReregisterOnRMWorkPreservingRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppReregisterOnRMWorkPreservingRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppStateSavedButAttemptStateNotSaved[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppStateSavedButAttemptStateNotSaved[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testCapacityLeafQueueBecomesParentOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testCapacitySchedulerQueueRemovedRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testCapacitySchedulerRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testContainerCompleteMsgNotLostAfterAMFailedAndRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testContainerCompleteMsgNotLostAfterAMFailedAndRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testContainersNotRecoveredForCompletedApps[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testContainersNotRecoveredForCompletedApps[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicAutoCreatedQueueRecoveryWithDefaultQueue[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicAutoCreatedQueueRecoveryWithDefaultQueue[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicAutoCreatedQueueRecoveryWithOverrideQueueMappingFlag[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicAutoCreatedQueueRecoveryWithOverrideQueueMappingFlag[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicQueueRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicQueueRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testFairSchedulerCompletedAppsQueue[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testNewContainersNotAllocatedDuringSchedulerRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testNewContainersNotAllocatedDuringSchedulerRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRecoverSchedulerAppAndAttemptSynchronously[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRecoverSchedulerAppAndAttemptSynchronously[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testReleasedContainerNotRecovered[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testReleasedContainerNotRecovered[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRetriedFinishApplicationMasterRequest[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRetriedFinishApplicationMasterRequest[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRMRestartWithRemovedQueue[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testRMRestartWithRemovedQueue[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testSchedulerRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testSchedulerRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testUAMRecoveryOnRMWorkPreservingRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testUAMRecoveryOnRMWorkPreservingRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testUnknownUserOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testUnknownUserOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingUnmanagedAM#testUAMRestartKeepContainers[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingUnmanagedAM#testUAMRestartKeepContainers[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingUnmanagedAM#testUAMRestartNoKeepContainers[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingUnmanagedAM#testUAMRestartNoKeepContainers[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebappAuthentication#testSimpleAuth[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebappAuthentication#testSimpleAuth[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServiceAppsNodelabel#testAppsFinished yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServiceAppsNodelabel#testAppsRunning yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testAppAttemptsDefault yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testAppAttemptsSlash yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testAppAttempts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testAppAttemptsXML yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testInvalidAppAttemptId yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testInvalidAppIdGetAttempts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testMultipleAppAttempts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppAttempts#testNonexistAppAttempts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppCustomResourceTypes#testRunningAppJson yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppCustomResourceTypes#testRunningAppXml yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsCustomResourceTypes#testRunningAppsJson yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsCustomResourceTypes#testRunningAppsXml yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppMove[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppMove[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppMove[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppMove[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppSubmitBadJsonAndXML[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppSubmitBadJsonAndXML[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppSubmitBadJsonAndXML[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testAppSubmitBadJsonAndXML[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetAppQueue[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetAppQueue[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetAppQueue[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetAppQueue[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplication[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplication[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplication[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplication[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplicationAndSubmit[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplicationAndSubmit[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplicationAndSubmit[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testGetNewApplicationAndSubmit[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKill[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKill[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKill[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKill[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidId[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidId[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidId[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidId[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidState[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidState[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidState[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillInvalidState[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillUnauthorized[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillUnauthorized[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillUnauthorized[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppKillUnauthorized[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppState[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppState[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppState[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testSingleAppState[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppPriority[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppPriority[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppTimeout[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppTimeout[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppTimeout[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesAppsModification#testUpdateAppTimeout[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsDefault yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryAppTypes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinalStatusInvalid yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinalStatusNone yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinalStatus yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinishBeginEnd yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinishBegin yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryFinishEnd yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryQueue yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStartBeginEnd yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStartBeginSome yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStartBegin yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStartEnd yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStateInvalid yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStateNone yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStatesComma yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStatesInvalid yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStatesNone yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryStates yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryState yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryWithDeselects yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsQueryWithInvaildDeselects yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsSlash yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppStatistics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testApps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsXMLMulti yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testAppsXML yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testInvalidApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testNonexistApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testRunningApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testSingleAppsDefault yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testSingleAppsSlash yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testSingleAppsXML yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testSingleApp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesApps#testUnmarshalAppInfo yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesCapacitySched#testPerUserResourcesJSON yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesCapacitySched#testPerUserResourcesXML yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testCancelledDelegationToken[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testCancelledDelegationToken[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenAuth[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenAuth[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenOps[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenOps[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDoAs[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDoAs[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testCancelDelegationToken[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testCancelDelegationToken[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testCreateDelegationToken[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testCreateDelegationToken[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testRenewDelegationToken[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokens#testRenewDelegationToken[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesHttpStaticUserPermissions#testWebServiceAccess yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesNodes#testNodesAllocationTags yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testActivityJSON yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAppActivityJSON yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAppAssignMultipleContainersPerNodeHeartbeat yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAppAssignWithoutAvailableResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAppNoNM yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAppReserveNewContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAssignMultipleContainersPerNodeHeartbeat yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testAssignWithoutAvailableResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testNoNM yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testPerUserResourcesJSON yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testPerUserResourcesXML yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testReserveNewContainer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesSchedulerActivities#testWrongNodeId yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Secure] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Secure] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Simple] yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Simple] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLocalDirsFailures yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLocalDirsFailures yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLogDirsFailures yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLogDirsFailures yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYARNClusterForHA#testClusterWorks yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYARNClusterForHA#testClusterWorks yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testMockNodeStatusHeartbeat yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testMockNodeStatusHeartbeat yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testUpdateNodeUtilization yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testUpdateNodeUtilization yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestRMNMSecretKeys#testNMUpdation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testAddApplicationNonAMContainer yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testAddApplication yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testLaunch yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testRemoveApplicationNonAMContainer yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testRemoveApplication yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.collector.TestPerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService#testRemoveAppWhenSecondAttemptAMCotainerIsLaunchedSameNode yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetAppAttempts yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetContainers yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesBasedOnCreatedTime yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByConfigFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByEventFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByInfoFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByMetricFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByRelations yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesNoMatch yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntities yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesWithLimit yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testQueryWithoutCluster yarn:TimelineReaderServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.security.TestTimelineAuthFilterForV2#testPutTimelineEntities[0] yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.security.TestTimelineAuthFilterForV2#testPutTimelineEntities[1] yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.security.TestTimelineAuthFilterForV2#testPutTimelineEntities[2] yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.security.TestTimelineAuthFilterForV2#testPutTimelineEntities[3] yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.TestTimelineServiceClientIntegration#testPutEntities yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.TestTimelineServiceClientIntegration#testPutExtendedEntities yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testAppLogsScanLogs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testAppLogsScanLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testCleanLogs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testCleanLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testGetEntityPluginRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testGetEntityPluginRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testMoveToDone hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testMoveToDone hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testParseSummaryLogs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testParseSummaryLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testPluginRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testPluginRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testScanActiveLogsAndMoveToDonePluginRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testScanActiveLogsAndMoveToDonePluginRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testSummaryRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestEntityGroupFSTimelineStore#testSummaryRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testMatchesGroupId hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testMatchesGroupId hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseBrokenEntity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseBrokenEntity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseDomain hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseDomain hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseEntity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.TestLogInfo#testParseEntity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFsCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFsCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testSnappyCompress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testKeySize mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testValueSize mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testBakedUserComparator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapProgress#testMapProgress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLocality hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testLocality hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testMultiLevelInput hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testMultiLevelInput hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRCJCFileInputFormat#testNumInputs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobQueueClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testStatusLimit mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testTaskCleanupDoesNotCommit mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testBytesWrittenExceedingLimit mapreduce:Task
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskProgressReporter#testBytesWrittenRespectingLimit mapreduce:Task
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testAMStartedEvent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testAMStartedEvent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testBatchedFlushJobEndMultiplier hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testBatchedFlushJobEndMultiplier hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSONEmpty hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSONEmpty hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSON hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testCountersToJSON hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDefaultFsIsUsedForHistory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDefaultFsIsUsedForHistory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteFailed hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteFailed hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteThrows hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testDontSetTrackingURLIfHistoryWriteThrows hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testFirstFlushOnCompletionEvent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testFirstFlushOnCompletionEvent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testGetHistoryIntermediateDoneDirForUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testGetHistoryIntermediateDoneDirForUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testMaxUnflushedCompletionEvents hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testMaxUnflushedCompletionEvents hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesNotLastAMRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesNotLastAMRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesOnLastAMRetry hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testProcessDoneFilesOnLastAMRetry hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testPropertyRedactionForJHS hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testPropertyRedactionForJHS hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSetTrackingURLAfterHistoryIsWritten hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSetTrackingURLAfterHistoryIsWritten hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSigTermedFunctionality hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testSigTermedFunctionality hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:TimelineClientImpl
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testUnflushedTimer hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testUnflushedTimer hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainFail mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainMapNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testGetSplitsWithDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testGetSplitsWithDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testMissingBlocks hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testMissingBlocks hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacementForCompressedFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacementForCompressedFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacement hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestCombineFileInputFormat#testSplitPlacement hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestDelegatingInputFormat#testSplitting hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testIdentity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testIdentity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testInnerAssociativity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testInnerAssociativity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testOuterAssociativity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinProperties#testOuterAssociativity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheArchivesAndLibjarsEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheArchivesAndLibjarsEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheDisabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheDisabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabledWithJobJarInSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabledWithJobJarInSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testEmptyMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testGcCounter mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testMapCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLineWithLog4JConifg mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testEnvironmentVariables mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateCRLAShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMillisCountersUpdate mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMillisCountersUpdate mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForMap mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForMap mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testSlowNM mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAMRMTokenUpdate yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAttemptNotFoundCausesRMCommunicatorException yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testAvoidAskMoreReducersWhenReducerPreemptionIsRequired yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testBlackListedNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testBlackListedNodesWithSchedulingToThatNode yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testCompletedTasksRecalculateSchedule yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testExcessReduceContainerAssign yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testExcludeSchedReducesFromHeadroom yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testIgnoreBlacklisting yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testMapNodeLocality yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testMapReduceScheduling yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testNonAggressivelyPreemptReducers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testPreemptReducers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReducerRampdownDiagnostics yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testResource yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testRMContainerAllocatorResendsRequestsOnRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testRMUnavailable yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testSimple yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnconditionalPreemptReducers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnregistrationOnlyIfRegistered mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUpdateAskOnRampDownAllReduces yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUpdatedNodes yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestAMInfos#testAMInfosWithoutRecoveryEnabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testFailTask mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testFailTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testMapFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testMapFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testReduceFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testReduceFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTaskFailWithUnusedContainer mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTimedOutTask mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTimedOutTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureMultipleReduces mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureMultipleReduces mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailure mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureWithRecovery mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureWithRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testAbsentNotificationOnNotLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testAbsentNotificationOnNotLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryNormalShutdown mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryNormalShutdown mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryShutdownWithRuntimeException mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryShutdownWithRuntimeException mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskAttempt mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskAttempt mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTask mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobAfterTA_DONE mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobAfterTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobBeforeTA_DONE mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobBeforeTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWait mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWait mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies#testComponentStopOrder mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies#testComponentStopOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterCredentials mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterFailLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterJobLaunchTime mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMaxAppAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMidLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterShutDownJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterSuccessLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCommitPending mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testContainerPassThrough mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCountersOnJobFinish mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCountersOnJobFinish mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobError mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootNotLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootOnLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobSuccess mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobSuccess mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testMapReduce mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testMapReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testUpdatedNodes mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testUpdatedNodes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMapReduces mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#test mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#testViewAclOnlyCannotModify mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashed mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashed mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashOfMapsOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashOfMapsOnlyJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testMultipleCrashes mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testMultipleCrashes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecoveryMapsOnly mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecoveryMapsOnly mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecovery mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobIsNotCleanedWhenRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobOutputCleanedWhenNoRecovery mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobOutputCleanedWhenNoRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryFailsUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryFailsUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithOldCommiter mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithOldCommiter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithoutShuffleSecret mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithoutShuffleSecret mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithSpillEncryption mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithSpillEncryption mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testSpeculative mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testSpeculative mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testByPreserveFailedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStagingOnKill mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStagingOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNoDeletionofStagingOnReboot mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNotPreserveNotPatternMatchedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedAndFailedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testStagingCleanupOrder mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testStagingCleanupOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppRedirection mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppRedirection mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppSSLDisabled mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppSSLDisabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManagerInitWithNonRunningDFS#testKeepRetryingWhileNameNodeInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManagerInitWithNonRunningDFS#testKeepRetryingWhileNameNodeInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithAdditionalFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithAdditionalFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemInSafeMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemInSafeMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemNotBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystemNotBecomingAvailBeforeTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithoutFileSystem hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testCreateDirsWithoutFileSystem hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadNormalSizedJobShouldReturnCompletedJob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadNormalSizedJobShouldReturnCompletedJob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadOversizedJobShouldReturnUnParsedJob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoLoadOversizedJobShouldReturnUnParsedJob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoShouldReturnCompletedJobIfMaxNotConfiged hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoShouldReturnCompletedJobIfMaxNotConfiged hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoSummaryFileNotExist hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testHistoryFileInfoSummaryFileNotExist hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testMoveToDoneAlreadyMovedSucceeds hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testMoveToDoneAlreadyMovedSucceeds hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testScanDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryFileManager#testScanDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService#testTokenStoreHdfs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestHistoryServerFileSystemStateStoreService#testTokenStoreHdfs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testAssignedQueue mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testAssignedQueue mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testEventsFlushOnStop mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testHistoryEvents mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testHistoryEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testJobHistoryEventHandlerIsFirstServiceToStop mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testCountersForFailedTask mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testCountersForFailedTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDeleteFileInfo mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDeleteFileInfo mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDiagnosticsForKilledJob mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDiagnosticsForKilledJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForFailedAttempts mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsing mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsing mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingWithParseErrors mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingWithParseErrors mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobHistoryMethods mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobHistoryMethods mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testScanningOldDirs mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testScanningOldDirs mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSepculateSuccessfulWithUpdateEvents mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSepculateSuccessfulWithUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSpeculateSuccessfulWithoutUpdateEvents mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSpeculateSuccessfulWithoutUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testPermissionSettingsOnRestrictiveUmask hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.uploader.TestFrameworkUploader#testPermissionSettingsOnRestrictiveUmask hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionNoSchema[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWithSchema[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testAttemptPathConstructionWrongSchema[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testCommitPathConstruction[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobAbort[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testJobCommitFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskAbort[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskEmptyFileCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testSingleTaskMultiFileCommit[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskInitializeFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskMultiFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskSingleFileUploadFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testTaskUploadAndAbortFailure[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.commit.staging.TestStagingCommitter#testUUIDPropagation[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:ReduceTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestDumpTypedBytes#testDumping hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestDumpTypedBytes#testDumping hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestLoadTypedBytes#testLoading hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestLoadTypedBytes#testLoading hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#largeFilesToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDeepDirectoryStructureFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testLargeFilesFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testNonDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testTrackDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureNoChange mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testDynamicInputChunkContext hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testDynamicInputChunkContext hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testGetSplitRatio hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testGetSplitRatio hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testGetSplits hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.lib.TestDynamicInputFormat#testGetSplits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testAtomicCommitExistingFinal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testAtomicCommitExistingFinal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testAtomicCommitMissingFinal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testAtomicCommitMissingFinal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testCommitWithChecksumMismatchAndSkipCrc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testCommitWithChecksumMismatchAndSkipCrc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testCommitWithChecksumMismatchWithoutSkipCrc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testCommitWithChecksumMismatchWithoutSkipCrc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testDeleteMissingFlatInterleavedFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testDeleteMissingFlatInterleavedFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testDeleteMissing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testDeleteMissing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testNoCommitAction hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testNoCommitAction hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testPreserveStatus hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testPreserveStatus hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testPreserveTimeWithDeleteMiss hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyCommitter#testPreserveTimeWithDeleteMiss hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyReadableFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyReadableFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentBlockSizes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentBlockSizes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentBytesPerCrc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentBytesPerCrc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentChecksumType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testCopyWithDifferentChecksumType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testDirToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testDirToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testFailCopyWithAccessControlException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testFailCopyWithAccessControlException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testFileToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testFileToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testIgnoreFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testIgnoreFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testMakeDirFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testMakeDirFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserveBlockSizeAndReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserveBlockSizeAndReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserve hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserve hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserveUserGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testPreserveUserGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testRun hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testRun hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testSingleFileCopy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testSingleFileCopy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testSkipCopyNoPerms hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testSkipCopyNoPerms hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testVerboseLogging hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapperCompositeCrc#testVerboseLogging hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyReadableFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyReadableFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithAppend hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithAppend hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentBlockSizes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentBlockSizes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentBytesPerCrc hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentBytesPerCrc hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentChecksumType hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testCopyWithDifferentChecksumType hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testDirToFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testDirToFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testFailCopyWithAccessControlException hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testFailCopyWithAccessControlException hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testFileToDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testFileToDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testIgnoreFailures hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testIgnoreFailures hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testMakeDirFailure hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testMakeDirFailure hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserveBlockSizeAndReplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserveBlockSizeAndReplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserve hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserve hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserveUserGroup hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testPreserveUserGroup hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testRun hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testRun hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testSingleFileCopy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testSingleFileCopy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testSkipCopyNoPerms hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testSkipCopyNoPerms hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testVerboseLogging hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestCopyMapper#testVerboseLogging hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestUniformSizeInputFormat#testGetSplits hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.mapred.TestUniformSizeInputFormat#testGetSplits hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListing[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testBuildListingForSingleFile[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testDuplicates[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testFailOnCloseError[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testMultipleSrcToFile[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[0] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[0] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[1] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[1] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[2] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[2] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[3] hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestCopyListing#testWithRandomFileListing[3] hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ContainerLocalizer
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync8 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync8 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync9 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync9 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromSource#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync8 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync8 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync9 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync9 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSyncReverseFromTarget#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testFallback hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testFallback hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync5 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync5 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync6 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync6 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync7 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync7 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync8 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync8 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSyncSnapshotTimeStampChecking hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSyncSnapshotTimeStampChecking hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSyncWithCurrent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileMissingTarget mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetDir mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testAclsNotEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testAclsNotEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testAclsNotImplemented hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testAclsNotImplemented hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testXAttrsNotEnabled hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testXAttrsNotEnabled hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testXAttrsNotImplemented hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testXAttrsNotImplemented hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanupTestViaToolRunner mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetDirMultiLevel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetDirMultiLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiDirTargetMissing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiDirTargetMissing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiDirTargetPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiDirTargetPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiFileTargetMissing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiFileTargetMissing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiFileTargetPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testMultiFileTargetPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleDirTargetMissing hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleDirTargetMissing hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleDirTargetPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleDirTargetPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileMissingTarget hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileMissingTarget hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileTargetDir hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileTargetDir hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileTargetFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testSingleFileTargetFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateGlobTargetDirMultiLevel hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateGlobTargetDirMultiLevel hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestFileBasedCopyListing#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestGlobbedCopyListing#testRun hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestGlobbedCopyListing#testRun hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogsWithArchiveError hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogsWithArchiveError hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogsWithArchiveError yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogsWithArchiveError yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogs#testFilterAppsByAggregatedStatus yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogs#testFilterAppsByAggregatedStatus yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testOutputPathValidity hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testOutputPathValidity hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:JobClient
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testCompareFileLengthsAndChecksums hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testCompareFileLengthsAndChecksums hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testGetRelativePathRoot hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testGetRelativePathRoot hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testGetRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testGetRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPackAttributes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPackAttributes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveAclsforDefaultACL hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveAclsforDefaultACL hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveDefaults hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveDefaults hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveGroupOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveGroupOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveGroupOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveGroupOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveNothingOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveNothingOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveNothingOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveNothingOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnDirectoryDownwardRecursion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnDirectoryDownwardRecursion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnDirectoryUpwardRecursion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnDirectoryUpwardRecursion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnFileDownwardRecursion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnFileDownwardRecursion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnFileUpwardRecursion hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveOnFileUpwardRecursion hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreservePermissionOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreservePermissionOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreservePermissionOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreservePermissionOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveReplicationOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveReplicationOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveReplicationOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveReplicationOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveTimestampOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveTimestampOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveTimestampOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveTimestampOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveUserOnDirectory hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveUserOnDirectory hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveUserOnFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testPreserveUserOnFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testReplFactorNotPreservedOnErasureCodedFile hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testReplFactorNotPreservedOnErasureCodedFile hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testUnpackAttributes hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtils#testUnpackAttributes hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtilsWithCombineMode#testChecksumsComparisonWithCombineMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtilsWithCombineMode#testChecksumsComparisonWithCombineMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtilsWithCombineMode#testChecksumsComparisonWithoutCombineMode hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.util.TestDistCpUtilsWithCombineMode#testChecksumsComparisonWithoutCombineMode hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulator[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulator[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulatorWithNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulatorWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulatorWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:RMAdminCLI
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.nodemanager.TestNMSimulator#testNMSimulator[0] yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.workaround.non.threadsafe.getpwuid hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.nodemanager.TestNMSimulator#testNMSimulator[1] yarn:ResourceManager
