hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade hdfs:DataNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade yarn:NodeManager
hadoop.http.cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
