yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testAMRMMasterKeysUpdate[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testMasterKeyRollOver[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestAMRMTokens#testTokenExpiry[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientToAMTokens[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientToAMTokens[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientTokenRace[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestClientToAMTokens#testClientTokenRace[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testAppSubmissionWithInvalidDelegationToken yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testAppSubmissionWithoutDelegationToken yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testAppSubmissionWithPreviousToken yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testCancelWithMultipleAppSubmissions yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testRenewTokenUsingTokenConfProvidedByApp yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testReplaceExpiringDelegationToken yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testRMRestartWithExpiredToken yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestDelegationTokenRenewer#testTokensConfExceedLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.security.TestRMDelegationTokens#testRMDTMasterKeyStateOnRollingMasterKey yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testAuthorizedAccess[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestAMAuthorization#testUnauthorizedAccess[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceManager#testFilterOverrides yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppAttemptTokensRestoredOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppAttemptTokensRestoredOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppFailedOnSubmissionSavedInStateStore[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppFailedOnSubmissionSavedInStateStore[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppSubmissionWithOldDelegationTokenAfterRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testAppSubmissionWithOldDelegationTokenAfterRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDelegationTokenRestoredInDelegationTokenRenewer[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testDelegationTokenRestoredInDelegationTokenRenewer[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMRestart[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMDelegationTokenRestoredOnRMRestart[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterPriorityChangesInAllocatedResponse[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testRMRestartAfterPriorityChangesInAllocatedResponse[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testSynchronouslyRenewDTOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestRMRestart#testSynchronouslyRenewDTOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailedToRenewTokenOnRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testAppFailedToRenewTokenOnRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebappAuthentication#testSimpleAuth[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testCancelledDelegationToken[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testCancelledDelegationToken[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenAuth[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenAuth[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenOps[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDelegationTokenOps[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDoAs[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesDelegationTokenAuthentication#testDoAs[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesHttpStaticUserPermissions#testWebServiceAccess yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Secure] yarn:NodeManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Secure] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.resourcemanager.proxy-user-privileges.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestRMNMSecretKeys#testNMUpdation yarn:ResourceManager
