yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testSnappyCompress mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testKeySize mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testValueSize mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:PerNodeTimelineCollectorsAuxService
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobQueueClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testStatusLimit mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainFail mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainMapNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheArchivesAndLibjarsEnabled hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheArchivesAndLibjarsEnabled hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheDisabled hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheDisabled hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabled hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabled hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabledWithJobJarInSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestJobResourceUploaderWithSharedCache#testSharedCacheEnabledWithJobJarInSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testEmptyMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testGcCounter mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testMapCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:ReduceTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#largeFilesToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDeepDirectoryStructureFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testLargeFilesFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testNonDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testTrackDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureNoChange mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobHistoryServer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ContainerLocalizer
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileMissingTarget mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetDir mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanupTestViaToolRunner mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs yarn:NodeManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile hdfs:DataNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile hdfs:NameNode
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.staging-dir.erasurecoding.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
