msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 96406857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1534745514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1534745514 originConf 96406857
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701141022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2088371948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2088371948 originConf 701141022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552326679 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 1552326679 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030411960 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610454273 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023268896 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215082566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074658615
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 2074658615 originConf 215082566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047478056 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165791284 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414549197 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118840610 that extends conf 1414549197 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669965156 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1534745514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868805237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1868805237 originConf 1534745514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89448984 that extends conf 1868805237 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536696761 that extends conf 89448984 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697281847 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427247001 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704869156 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67811496 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 2088371948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562595588 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 1118840610 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 2074658615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892611887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 311185452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.2 uniqueConf 311185452 originConf 892611887
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701141022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164344728
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1164344728 originConf 701141022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202547191 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010983633 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367066629 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 204568533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995986600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1995986600 originConf 204568533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998397435 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325147644 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252276535 that extends conf 1325147644 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69160933 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311185452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368603167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 368603167 originConf 311185452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363989824 that extends conf 368603167 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62411522 that extends conf 1363989824 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742235652 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012776440 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770125555 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755634886 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444635117 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178192958 that extends conf 1164344728 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042120257 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583020257 that extends conf 252276535 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145921383 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
