msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464191502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616881582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 616881582 originConf 1464191502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41765385 that extends conf 616881582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1556061855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237484673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 237484673 originConf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 185203393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 129371198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106113013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 106113013 originConf 129371198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 430983166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 430983166 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413946856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 576261694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 576261694 originConf 413946856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564944564 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078741622 that extends conf 564944564 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136011184 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041735841 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858267892 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 60187547 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 723689932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 723689932 originConf 60187547
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765350920 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987015126 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521270862 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677976140 that extends conf 521270862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653553574 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1673604690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 566042862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 566042862 originConf 1673604690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576499395 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203924386 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260390769 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842102517 that extends conf 1260390769 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887991591 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1457157255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503546689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1503546689 originConf 1457157255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 294649085 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623545006 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028538462 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173175486 that extends conf 1028538462 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304065853 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 430983166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691540605
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 691540605 originConf 430983166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310014578 that extends conf 691540605 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420857952 that extends conf 310014578 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156127720 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829956506 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985235978 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017603323 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657218305 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082640380 that extends conf 576261694 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706960270 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884868698 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451516720 that extends conf 723689932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219387406 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027587999 that extends conf 1842102517 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766957197 that extends conf 566042862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578969118 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145416033 that extends conf 173175486 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902527840 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
