msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828441346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 590646109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1 uniqueConf 590646109 originConf 828441346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785397234 that extends conf 590646109 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907604549 that extends conf 590646109 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785397234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 318977795
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 318977795 originConf 1785397234
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914857056 that extends conf 318977795 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785397234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 479281830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 479281830 originConf 1785397234
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653464350 that extends conf 479281830 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337039263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258447256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2 uniqueConf 258447256 originConf 337039263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443348849 that extends conf 258447256 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943219925 that extends conf 258447256 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443348849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767865394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 767865394 originConf 443348849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587418106 that extends conf 767865394 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443348849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658299202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.2 uniqueConf 658299202 originConf 443348849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648247745 that extends conf 658299202 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242969461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319144230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3 uniqueConf 319144230 originConf 1242969461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928983164 that extends conf 319144230 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387377349 that extends conf 319144230 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928983164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1991616338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 1991616338 originConf 1928983164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020755444 that extends conf 1991616338 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928983164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1654387331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.3 uniqueConf 1654387331 originConf 1928983164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138171587 that extends conf 1654387331 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481886288 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596843797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4 uniqueConf 1596843797 originConf 1481886288
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495454697 that extends conf 1596843797 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859295820 that extends conf 1596843797 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495454697 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145164763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 1145164763 originConf 1495454697
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592147120 that extends conf 1145164763 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495454697 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525376344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.4 uniqueConf 525376344 originConf 1495454697
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86185546 that extends conf 525376344 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244560331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2127814459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5 uniqueConf 2127814459 originConf 1244560331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180383462 that extends conf 2127814459 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438092131 that extends conf 2127814459 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1180383462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1328831874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.5 uniqueConf 1328831874 originConf 1180383462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171362816 that extends conf 1328831874 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1180383462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 778634770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.5 uniqueConf 778634770 originConf 1180383462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005978108 that extends conf 778634770 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371054890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1511259379
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6 uniqueConf 1511259379 originConf 371054890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324526451 that extends conf 1511259379 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428468422 that extends conf 1511259379 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324526451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750727596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.6 uniqueConf 750727596 originConf 1324526451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578345547 that extends conf 750727596 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324526451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 642210524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.6 uniqueConf 642210524 originConf 1324526451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665519728 that extends conf 642210524 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253916873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1654999368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7 uniqueConf 1654999368 originConf 253916873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615389290 that extends conf 1654999368 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456832249 that extends conf 1654999368 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615389290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764520773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.7 uniqueConf 764520773 originConf 1615389290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592859783 that extends conf 764520773 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615389290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 661242421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.7 uniqueConf 661242421 originConf 1615389290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651202236 that extends conf 661242421 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179612254 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2144659477
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8 uniqueConf 2144659477 originConf 179612254
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600869357 that extends conf 2144659477 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231205406 that extends conf 2144659477 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1600869357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1466965884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.8 uniqueConf 1466965884 originConf 1600869357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057224709 that extends conf 1466965884 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1600869357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 206731104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.8 uniqueConf 206731104 originConf 1600869357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070747853 that extends conf 206731104 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.8's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
