msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699265405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1699265405 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348148678 that extends conf 291651850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727424614 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 359806817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1701436909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1701436909 originConf 359806817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901815188 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010983633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269244031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 269244031 originConf 1010983633
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819897025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 817944369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 817944369 originConf 1819897025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312202589 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755944228 that extends conf 312202589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586289269 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293885429 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135870515 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832322085 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596376940
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 596376940 originConf 832322085
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639769517 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004390006 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905758022 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863286716 that extends conf 1905758022 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221759982 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2047799833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 455036946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 455036946 originConf 2047799833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564688538 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108367077 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675889995 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337816703 that extends conf 675889995 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076462312 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493642909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481056406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1481056406 originConf 1493642909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092870757 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17792118 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74735260 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901824111 that extends conf 74735260 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505756829 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 269244031 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 967343730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 967343730 originConf 269244031
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562912969 that extends conf 967343730 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319314952 that extends conf 1562912969 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964514128 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287062222 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519890812 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014777783 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558624761 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388143137 that extends conf 817944369 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584698467 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280378749 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64364705 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179496658 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222179461 that extends conf 337816703 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371953731 that extends conf 455036946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032547119 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215208733 that extends conf 1901824111 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748574267 that extends conf 1481056406 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
