msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1886491834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 294658058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 294658058 originConf 1886491834
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2044215423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 966544353
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 966544353 originConf 2044215423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003463579 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372469954 that extends conf 2003463579 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513608173 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698741991 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932582590 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 388104475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470966439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1470966439 originConf 388104475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181815135 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424482154 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690713209 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010545395 that extends conf 1690713209 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323823279 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1336777650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367165453
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1367165453 originConf 1336777650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895143699 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238080693 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429351083 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984094095 that extends conf 1429351083 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558079303 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671590089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 58488213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 58488213 originConf 1671590089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70695990 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280615803 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166694583 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922807452 that extends conf 166694583 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494346128 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822087264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 30699728
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 30699728 originConf 822087264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544386226 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888611662 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966355106 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201677908 that extends conf 1966355106 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 294658058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 446445803
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 446445803 originConf 294658058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832292933 that extends conf 446445803 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473069783 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583559449 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017393480 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053856141 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986676021 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698784309 that extends conf 2010545395 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248334686 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5248993 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 1984094095 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648387359 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82517097 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435034854 that extends conf 922807452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492656161 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205446988 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919592808 that extends conf 201677908 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728236551 that extends conf 30699728 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
