msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1982787818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838449246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 838449246 originConf 1982787818
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 931675031 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293508253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 293508253 originConf 931675031
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023268896 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270836494 that extends conf 1023268896 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333041165 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115433442 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541698497 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 51152513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558103808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1558103808 originConf 51152513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503660218 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224591451 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947020920 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504937617 that extends conf 1947020920 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397071633 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 838449246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87060781
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 87060781 originConf 838449246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771105389 that extends conf 87060781 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167114056 that extends conf 771105389 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829460911 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605686842 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347791431 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871580398 that extends conf 293508253 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872047468 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685219002 that extends conf 1504937617 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1558103808 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 229329107 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 92941132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.2 uniqueConf 92941132 originConf 229329107
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1347294617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1901700557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1901700557 originConf 1347294617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204568533 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390994793 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332208607 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 956337311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371932487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 371932487 originConf 956337311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445192925 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757332719 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092450685 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557568981 that extends conf 2092450685 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159234226 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 92941132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 77738832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 77738832 originConf 92941132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071522666 that extends conf 77738832 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733447350 that extends conf 2071522666 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372483461 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439078230 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095793272 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872012709 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532915766 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378612814 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685407505 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728236551 that extends conf 557568981 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120493960 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
