msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1365711624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687399269 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164289802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66845334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 66845334 originConf 1164289802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226298219 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819897025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577682023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 577682023 originConf 1819897025
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999699153 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1886301021 that extends conf 999699153 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636487850 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609038183 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293885429 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 956429999 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613424566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1613424566 originConf 956429999
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035563730 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392760852 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906741317 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562452013 that extends conf 906741317 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778994610 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613912455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 792195577
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 792195577 originConf 1613912455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703040426 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790851040 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320826684 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054913783 that extends conf 1320826684 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296153103 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015539383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 125549276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 125549276 originConf 1015539383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302779492 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483635512 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354154358 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271341439 that extends conf 354154358 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33238366 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577682023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 890060621
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 890060621 originConf 577682023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414765427 that extends conf 890060621 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2002023629 that extends conf 414765427 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361931872 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766722027 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802415698 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451708599 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752060661 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558624761 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388143137 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010350054 that extends conf 1562452013 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305468700 that extends conf 1613424566 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933471223 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902527840 that extends conf 1054913783 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222179461 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940369315 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539718688 that extends conf 271341439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215208733 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
