msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464191502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616881582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 616881582 originConf 1464191502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41765385 that extends conf 616881582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1628289406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1005093407 originConf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 1460696714 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622863652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 168468389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45643137 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1400671358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1929969663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1929969663 originConf 1400671358
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1931008760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1711393939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1711393939 originConf 1931008760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579660439 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825662648 that extends conf 579660439 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579823168 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202168065 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892466122 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665209618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 902654164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 902654164 originConf 1665209618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159860059 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130258687 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094310615 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054332292 that extends conf 2094310615 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981708431 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142941409 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 765329253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 765329253 originConf 142941409
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720803395 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837693403 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640161448 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662409124 that extends conf 640161448 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644987969 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 790432700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415624532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1415624532 originConf 790432700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010434098 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423491597 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264966132 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982216126 that extends conf 1264966132 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983948209 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1929969663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771040410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1771040410 originConf 1929969663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271341439 that extends conf 1771040410 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659744594 that extends conf 271341439 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462182153 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498259207 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005928818 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822624650 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178019189 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028767654 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70482685 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390010388 that extends conf 2054332292 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875718595 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872340040 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946904104 that extends conf 662409124 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360528453 that extends conf 765329253 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037199851 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836017760 that extends conf 1982216126 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600661314 that extends conf 1415624532 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
