msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074820378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197251633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1197251633 originConf 2074820378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916835004 that extends conf 1197251633 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660451908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 1660451908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 306674056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 222300483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 222300483 originConf 306674056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 222300483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 222300483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418851979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1538462491 originConf 1418851979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 763236610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918307166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 918307166 originConf 763236610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791589252 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196025267 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1530870688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1530870688 originConf 196025267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 1530870688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 1073878937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488669101 that extends conf 1530870688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 803768841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 509806761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 509806761 originConf 803768841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501036152 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590404373 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037806977 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428022141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1788256184 originConf 1428022141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1875520143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2040623756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2040623756 originConf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079278380 that extends conf 1392271025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206946689 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1832657711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465233746
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 465233746 originConf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962826086 that extends conf 320850799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10001825 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379115456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1949672824 originConf 379115456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 1231036290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1007664442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245439653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1245439653 originConf 1007664442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625428489 that extends conf 1245439653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859965144 that extends conf 1625428489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124261761 that extends conf 1245439653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161672347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091586824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 2091586824 originConf 161672347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847410999 that extends conf 2091586824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810672306 that extends conf 1847410999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700631078 that extends conf 2091586824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsOldSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
