msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 288958772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752461090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1752461090 originConf 288958772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 1752461090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 925568390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505968231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 505968231 originConf 925568390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004655561 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1073051173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 211649273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 211649273 originConf 1073051173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1173504361 that extends conf 211649273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901815188 that extends conf 211649273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998397435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1332208607 originConf 1998397435
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 881977454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449664175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1449664175 originConf 881977454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010546406 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 2010546406 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041611526 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380593659 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19467337 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 315748820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1979325411
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1979325411 originConf 315748820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892470159 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859216983 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445010547 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673604690 that extends conf 445010547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706655559 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71209097 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1012776440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1012776440 originConf 71209097
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755634886 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054913783 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042120257 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695085082 that extends conf 2042120257 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574503358 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332208607 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2018164030
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 2018164030 originConf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918730310 that extends conf 2018164030 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864962766 that extends conf 918730310 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438263665 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878242981 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859279938 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661440732 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700356991 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600554759 that extends conf 1449664175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293251731 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103934393 that extends conf 1673604690 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730062079 that extends conf 1979325411 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399550388 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032656803 that extends conf 695085082 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027646388 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1372646511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1215795615
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1215795615 originConf 1372646511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 449240381 that extends conf 1215795615 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1333520072 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 875761527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 875761527 originConf 1333520072
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150835665 that extends conf 875761527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893339434 that extends conf 150835665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042235503 that extends conf 875761527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1122863578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 713538100
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 713538100 originConf 1122863578
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502646755 that extends conf 713538100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495791876 that extends conf 502646755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668402991 that extends conf 713538100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2086532629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 798579452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.2 uniqueConf 798579452 originConf 2086532629
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1071439482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930695665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 930695665 originConf 1071439482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131366717 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682586333 that extends conf 2131366717 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937428334 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803378780 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415638483 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869813593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 528757371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 528757371 originConf 1869813593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10288247 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2325213 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226616812 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521528969 that extends conf 1226616812 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052546395 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564424689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 297137378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 297137378 originConf 564424689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108952533 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627618479 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801412408 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076250141 that extends conf 801412408 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949709901 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798579452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 445554393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 445554393 originConf 798579452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760175419 that extends conf 445554393 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54385706 that extends conf 1760175419 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973777648 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2105339048 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298780808 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668637515 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17203574 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384916201 that extends conf 930695665 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594847431 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016400644 that extends conf 521528969 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456172878 that extends conf 528757371 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101098675 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489523270 that extends conf 1076250141 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950555036 that extends conf 297137378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
