msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074820378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197251633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1197251633 originConf 2074820378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916835004 that extends conf 1197251633 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660451908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 1660451908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 306674056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 222300483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 222300483 originConf 306674056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 222300483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 222300483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418851979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1538462491 originConf 1418851979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869177530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 129371198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 129371198 originConf 1869177530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791589252 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117460541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1743553655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1743553655 originConf 117460541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767532961 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731610911 that extends conf 1767532961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665988980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252820474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1252820474 originConf 665988980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883237069 that extends conf 339788561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783463798 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585711807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1532756055 originConf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81269359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2066366456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2066366456 originConf 81269359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955587357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000530216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2000530216 originConf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147089688 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948650013 that extends conf 147089688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025955363 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041263297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703644914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 703644914 originConf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631717345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006727288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1006727288 originConf 631717345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1188623367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 115939475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 796774130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 796774130 originConf 115939475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253767021 that extends conf 796774130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659363322 that extends conf 253767021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 796774130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1905804261 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794563378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 794563378 originConf 1905804261
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885307815 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775741122 that extends conf 1885307815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44771088 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.split.TestJobSplitWriterWithEC#testMaxBlockLocationsNewSplitsWithErasureCoding
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
