msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1886491834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 294658058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 294658058 originConf 1886491834
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2044215423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 966544353
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 966544353 originConf 2044215423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003463579 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372469954 that extends conf 2003463579 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513608173 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698741991 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932582590 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 388104475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470966439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1470966439 originConf 388104475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181815135 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424482154 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690713209 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010545395 that extends conf 1690713209 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323823279 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1336777650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367165453
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1367165453 originConf 1336777650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895143699 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238080693 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429351083 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984094095 that extends conf 1429351083 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558079303 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671590089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 58488213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 58488213 originConf 1671590089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70695990 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280615803 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166694583 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922807452 that extends conf 166694583 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494346128 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 294658058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 181252244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 181252244 originConf 294658058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733022752 that extends conf 181252244 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300526834 that extends conf 1733022752 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562764987 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 2010545395 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067936865 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1140202235 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440995011 that extends conf 1984094095 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270565296 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605600260 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055300312 that extends conf 922807452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9054826 that extends conf 58488213 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1040172900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 816918962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 816918962 originConf 1040172900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690287064 that extends conf 816918962 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 690287064
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607458416 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201495068 that extends conf 698741991 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 993137314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1165810974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1165810974 originConf 993137314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082790838 that extends conf 698741991 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 42762621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1480944500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1480944500 originConf 42762621
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
