msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855026648 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 375466577
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 375466577 originConf 1855026648
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604052588 that extends conf 375466577 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 187120217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173107735 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 440466478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 440466478 originConf 173107735
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609906278 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877832463 that extends conf 1609906278 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798814720 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273295321 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219218778 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 440466478 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1888701444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 uniqueConf 1888701444 originConf 440466478
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 926690666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 518509616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 518509616 originConf 926690666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042787167 that extends conf 518509616 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544678863 that extends conf 518509616 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 55513281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1609323836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1609323836 originConf 55513281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902720485 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871044884 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852115334 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165744090 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711363050 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375971156 that extends conf 440466478 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709790496 that extends conf 518509616 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347135914 that extends conf 518509616 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727148096 that extends conf 1609323836 into componenet yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 516340578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1853282199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 uniqueConf 1853282199 originConf 516340578
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
