msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 288958772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752461090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1752461090 originConf 288958772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 1752461090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195970976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 195970976 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1691858720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1173504361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340086275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1340086275 originConf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678115778 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 373342545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566269351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1566269351 originConf 373342545
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366741625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44249014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 44249014 originConf 1366741625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311853607 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609742538 that extends conf 311853607 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408043496 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818453711 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082353865 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 314966354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 780172372
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 780172372 originConf 314966354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277497558 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503879157 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766122814 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507604180 that extends conf 1766122814 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453650546 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125549276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1010434098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1010434098 originConf 125549276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816918962 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354154358 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517105378 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131353113 that extends conf 1517105378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387377349 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566269351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 414765427
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 414765427 originConf 1566269351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938047257 that extends conf 414765427 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369720534 that extends conf 1938047257 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1820594585 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809260538 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747644505 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690796457 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379776337 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680794780 that extends conf 44249014 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523683407 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229581552 that extends conf 1507604180 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796969849 that extends conf 780172372 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742798650 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492980244 that extends conf 131353113 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234757451 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 676332984 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 95640701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 95640701 originConf 676332984
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467740330 that extends conf 95640701 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1838562672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 204937701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 204937701 originConf 1838562672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718918890 that extends conf 204937701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890777616 that extends conf 1718918890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904848961 that extends conf 204937701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643345873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1676938400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1676938400 originConf 1643345873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008355980 that extends conf 1676938400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905766527 that extends conf 2008355980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798823822 that extends conf 1676938400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612625071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 300804223
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.2 uniqueConf 300804223 originConf 1612625071
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1578801260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987428721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1987428721 originConf 1578801260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798626015 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285964343 that extends conf 798626015 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581067007 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354183876 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226616812 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816073816 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 286169474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 286169474 originConf 1816073816
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550351186 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146719991 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476245668 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583210428 that extends conf 1476245668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742798189 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557386040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 287933084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 287933084 originConf 557386040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035825415 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375681611 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343023757 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697707311 that extends conf 343023757 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763000764 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300804223 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1534279415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 1534279415 originConf 300804223
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134864869 that extends conf 1534279415 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422425900 that extends conf 1134864869 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642087302 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016400644 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050406642 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283290160 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516459169 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492832159 that extends conf 1987428721 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319450809 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673992096 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587143371 that extends conf 286169474 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722868231 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602063306 that extends conf 697707311 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203498806 that extends conf 287933084 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 935522484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1144567906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1144567906 originConf 935522484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289213409 that extends conf 1144567906 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1828787392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265324882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1265324882 originConf 1828787392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861338103 that extends conf 1265324882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736230120 that extends conf 1861338103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325077489 that extends conf 1265324882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1567719193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 591589887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 591589887 originConf 1567719193
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429462686 that extends conf 591589887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176320504 that extends conf 429462686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114553545 that extends conf 591589887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 496259008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2084324667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.3 uniqueConf 2084324667 originConf 496259008
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1739111611 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 460922314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 460922314 originConf 1739111611
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888289302 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967710715 that extends conf 888289302 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24226406 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311562833 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260345895 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2085428347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2022950677
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 2022950677 originConf 2085428347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 856901180 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437306494 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222947526 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569908962 that extends conf 222947526 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215738773 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111069331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 927690291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 927690291 originConf 2111069331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745089008 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505424071 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216421817 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967306405 that extends conf 216421817 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359463456 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084324667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 637365534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.3 uniqueConf 637365534 originConf 2084324667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590966720 that extends conf 637365534 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363841658 that extends conf 590966720 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576422186 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108777202 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892508677 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116512665 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426014054 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138329541 that extends conf 460922314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124017533 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384370614 that extends conf 1569908962 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704065258 that extends conf 2022950677 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422534969 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211992147 that extends conf 967306405 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905209480 that extends conf 927690291 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
