msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2097905212 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423983012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1423983012 originConf 2097905212
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825419935 that extends conf 1423983012 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520656618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1520656618 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 22040992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 359806817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1181567472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1181567472 originConf 359806817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755759908 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360878852 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1935689965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427226423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 427226423 originConf 1935689965
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909516251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73351708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 73351708 originConf 909516251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489997716 that extends conf 48071225 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831875736 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884111637 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60187547 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2089786414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 336400944
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 336400944 originConf 2089786414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684407333 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124132186 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79092014 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281361915 that extends conf 79092014 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755634886 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539477312 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1184248953
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1184248953 originConf 1539477312
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662409124 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690287064 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380583278 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937366737 that extends conf 1380583278 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998876751 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 427226423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 931987151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 931987151 originConf 427226423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159190022 that extends conf 931987151 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764394248 that extends conf 159190022 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058984040 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808547623 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821228886 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372261610 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469235340 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661728387 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502843539 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487540468 that extends conf 1281361915 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703824017 that extends conf 336400944 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048625222 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839457812 that extends conf 937366737 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925955862 that extends conf 1184248953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819878855 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1143346744 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 871863594
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 871863594 originConf 1143346744
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572433137 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552358373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 857046223
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 857046223 originConf 1552358373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346836347 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1750410058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1083026300
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.3 uniqueConf 1083026300 originConf 1750410058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778221316 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 95900368 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1945036691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.4 uniqueConf 1945036691 originConf 95900368
msx-rc 1
