msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 534906248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1169794610
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1169794610 originConf 534906248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150963491 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990897274 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095486832 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 376416077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 263053820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1 uniqueConf 263053820 originConf 376416077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493988307 that extends conf 263053820 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 263053820 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1275777630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1275777630 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667450367 that extends conf 1275777630 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970749006
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 1970749006 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565977178 that extends conf 1970749006 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 819463699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 819463699 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740696387 that extends conf 819463699 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 722021563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 722021563 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811375984 that extends conf 722021563 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 460266627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.5 uniqueConf 460266627 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073392734 that extends conf 460266627 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 429646179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.6 uniqueConf 429646179 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233635783 that extends conf 429646179 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 711942000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.7 uniqueConf 711942000 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056842213 that extends conf 711942000 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1020169516
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.8 uniqueConf 1020169516 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274061443 that extends conf 1020169516 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 464838738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.9 uniqueConf 464838738 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651097858 that extends conf 464838738 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1856092442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.10 uniqueConf 1856092442 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546044663 that extends conf 1856092442 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
