msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464191502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616881582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 616881582 originConf 1464191502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41765385 that extends conf 616881582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1556061855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 460333119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869177530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 129371198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 129371198 originConf 1869177530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791589252 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46627301 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1898167916 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 1898167916
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1350269431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007149130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2007149130 originConf 1350269431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407263135 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102709691 that extends conf 407263135 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508130444 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586289269 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417126346 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 333085360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 747004588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 747004588 originConf 333085360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547994163 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568450200 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707992390 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706939736 that extends conf 707992390 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863286716 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1078448857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1221759982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1221759982 originConf 1078448857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509104428 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156855528 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974356511 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145040140 that extends conf 1974356511 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241182310 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872012709 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163664780
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1163664780 originConf 1872012709
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828676092 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842102517 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728236551 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954928973 that extends conf 728236551 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364266169 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 31366484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1092382020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1092382020 originConf 31366484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378006273 that extends conf 1092382020 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560762729 that extends conf 378006273 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452817647 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680365536 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077150966 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233315297 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746757564 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607277663 that extends conf 2007149130 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451516720 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854719230 that extends conf 1706939736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428815684 that extends conf 747004588 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040660431 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496631838 that extends conf 2145040140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701760998 that extends conf 1221759982 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015552283 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22006205 that extends conf 954928973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441652258 that extends conf 1163664780 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959952645 that extends conf 1586289269 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2112185812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912652512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1912652512 originConf 2112185812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072144166 that extends conf 1586289269 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 942102819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142263042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 2142263042 originConf 942102819
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: null
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
