msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 886839740 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677322725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1 uniqueConf 1677322725 originConf 886839740
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794413004 that extends conf 1677322725 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706662072 that extends conf 1677322725 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432041382 that extends conf 1677322725 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103471965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1103471965 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286389782 that extends conf 1103471965 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 426651406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 426651406 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900324428 that extends conf 426651406 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1049124972
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 1049124972 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866446852 that extends conf 1049124972 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2026942678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 2026942678 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797475880 that extends conf 2026942678 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302730049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.2 uniqueConf 1302730049 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716286502 that extends conf 1302730049 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 232022001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.3 uniqueConf 232022001 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138213161 that extends conf 232022001 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1073219702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 1073219702 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199165195 that extends conf 1073219702 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500328181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.4 uniqueConf 1500328181 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603611349 that extends conf 1500328181 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726281790
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.5 uniqueConf 1726281790 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562677502 that extends conf 1726281790 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1693565118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.5 uniqueConf 1693565118 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769662229 that extends conf 1693565118 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1414180275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.6 uniqueConf 1414180275 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78637232 that extends conf 1414180275 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794413004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1545874768
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.6 uniqueConf 1545874768 originConf 1794413004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954108396 that extends conf 1545874768 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
