msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699265405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1699265405 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348148678 that extends conf 291651850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727424614 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 359806817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1181567472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1181567472 originConf 359806817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755759908 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360878852 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 812031404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103394766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 103394766 originConf 812031404
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164344728 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1781018589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1781018589 originConf 1164344728
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112062307 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836887461 that extends conf 1112062307 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501261420 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345893819 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098830440 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955049794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899609393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1899609393 originConf 1955049794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65305091 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152487396 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873769155 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078448857 that extends conf 873769155 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047799833 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 639542871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 901852282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 901852282 originConf 639542871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304718519 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198515856 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047770317 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177389135 that extends conf 2047770317 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863748063 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389984438 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302779492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1302779492 originConf 1389984438
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378612814 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695085082 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506648430 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938047257 that extends conf 1506648430 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408543908 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103394766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 595556720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 595556720 originConf 103394766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492358500 that extends conf 595556720 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253838858 that extends conf 1492358500 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787156891 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911379471 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704927850 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692763171 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 970890202 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824418025 that extends conf 1781018589 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636256669 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723810021 that extends conf 1078448857 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977772506 that extends conf 1899609393 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 970612297 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528756911 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209741072 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801412408 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541019006 that extends conf 1938047257 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076856210 that extends conf 1302779492 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884542498 that extends conf 345893819 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1390890311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 176750025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 176750025 originConf 1390890311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10778317 that extends conf 345893819 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28038475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924180844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 924180844 originConf 28038475
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: null
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
