msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833789138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 735937428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 735937428 originConf 1833789138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319689067 that extends conf 735937428 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1689458432 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 429804587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332208607 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449664175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1449664175 originConf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760763936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 1760763936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1242874959 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1242874959 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054997292 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917149817 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137935956 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426052262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1021656938
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1021656938 originConf 426052262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398644489 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047147687 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622912252 that extends conf 560858993 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71209097 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1535454025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 215690645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 215690645 originConf 1535454025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539477312 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010434098 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095793272 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120493960 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127481101 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 92862012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517266286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1517266286 originConf 92862012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998876751 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079167170 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404458571 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691540605 that extends conf 404458571 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267533031 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1111173986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 729375394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 729375394 originConf 1111173986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18338606 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691678663 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423978346 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217434045 that extends conf 1423978346 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501855493 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449664175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596278280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1596278280 originConf 1449664175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787156891 that extends conf 1596278280 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727282236 that extends conf 787156891 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756143301 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844264574 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57488372 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573719263 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283492252 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424243710 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802628402 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361009437 that extends conf 1622912252 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561668557 that extends conf 1021656938 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717688512 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465427162 that extends conf 2120493960 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257585702 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912769093 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204339470 that extends conf 691540605 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685820260 that extends conf 1517266286 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612854398 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925131177 that extends conf 1217434045 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652734453 that extends conf 729375394 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1243705012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 591352568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 591352568 originConf 1243705012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777112002 that extends conf 591352568 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1777112002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10536382 that extends conf 1777112002 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 441251252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 331244178
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 331244178 originConf 441251252
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968353916 that extends conf 331244178 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 441251252
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 441251252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 164592411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770332738 that extends conf 164592411 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1967367955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936361997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 936361997 originConf 1967367955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089256196 that extends conf 936361997 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:ReduceTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set with conf 1967367955
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1967367955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1605210129
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200853901 that extends conf 1605210129 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
