msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1108924067 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1 uniqueConf 1108924067 originConf 1108924067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210830415 that extends conf 1108924067 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328323494 that extends conf 1108924067 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1210830415 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1, let clone and return new conf 655736216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 655736216 originConf 1210830415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203105837 that extends conf 655736216 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1210830415 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1, let clone and return new conf 1029619803
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 1029619803 originConf 1210830415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49322203 that extends conf 1029619803 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1210830415 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1, let clone and return new conf 832841547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 832841547 originConf 1210830415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618939447 that extends conf 832841547 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1210830415 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1, let clone and return new conf 538957736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 538957736 originConf 1210830415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010181499 that extends conf 538957736 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2098830440 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2 uniqueConf 2098830440 originConf 2098830440
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083086553 that extends conf 2098830440 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899609393 that extends conf 2098830440 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1083086553 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2, let clone and return new conf 242449595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 242449595 originConf 1083086553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557500812 that extends conf 242449595 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1083086553 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2, let clone and return new conf 891731926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.2 uniqueConf 891731926 originConf 1083086553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071041006 that extends conf 891731926 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1083086553 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2, let clone and return new conf 1754070424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.3 uniqueConf 1754070424 originConf 1083086553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603231774 that extends conf 1754070424 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1083086553 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.2, let clone and return new conf 1599581238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.4 uniqueConf 1599581238 originConf 1083086553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455921035 that extends conf 1599581238 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 863748063 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3 uniqueConf 863748063 originConf 863748063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825071442 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445225850 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1825071442 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3, let clone and return new conf 1850423911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.5 uniqueConf 1850423911 originConf 1825071442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619839454 that extends conf 1850423911 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1825071442 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3, let clone and return new conf 274375826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.6 uniqueConf 274375826 originConf 1825071442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847555175 that extends conf 274375826 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1825071442 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3, let clone and return new conf 1100889258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.7 uniqueConf 1100889258 originConf 1825071442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629783250 that extends conf 1100889258 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1825071442 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.3, let clone and return new conf 1613952197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.8 uniqueConf 1613952197 originConf 1825071442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964710120 that extends conf 1613952197 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2060569250 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4 uniqueConf 2060569250 originConf 2060569250
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49619396 that extends conf 2060569250 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134599394 that extends conf 2060569250 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 49619396 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4, let clone and return new conf 1774087132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.5 uniqueConf 1774087132 originConf 49619396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736022171 that extends conf 1774087132 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 49619396 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4, let clone and return new conf 1665532076
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.6 uniqueConf 1665532076 originConf 49619396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642028192 that extends conf 1665532076 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 49619396 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4, let clone and return new conf 1010756927
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.7 uniqueConf 1010756927 originConf 49619396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396892003 that extends conf 1010756927 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 49619396 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.4, let clone and return new conf 234301192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.8 uniqueConf 234301192 originConf 49619396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597791536 that extends conf 234301192 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 729710660 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5 uniqueConf 729710660 originConf 729710660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995042827 that extends conf 729710660 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775046789 that extends conf 729710660 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1995042827 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5, let clone and return new conf 1772275537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.9 uniqueConf 1772275537 originConf 1995042827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734681621 that extends conf 1772275537 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1995042827 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5, let clone and return new conf 1666886689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.10 uniqueConf 1666886689 originConf 1995042827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643313198 that extends conf 1666886689 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1995042827 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5, let clone and return new conf 1497366011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.11 uniqueConf 1497366011 originConf 1995042827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389295941 that extends conf 1497366011 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1995042827 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.5, let clone and return new conf 565813798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.12 uniqueConf 565813798 originConf 1995042827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182257505 that extends conf 565813798 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1096742104 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6 uniqueConf 1096742104 originConf 1096742104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955153053 that extends conf 1096742104 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552260985 that extends conf 1096742104 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 955153053 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6, let clone and return new conf 623504132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.9 uniqueConf 623504132 originConf 955153053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737022417 that extends conf 623504132 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 955153053 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6, let clone and return new conf 802259060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.10 uniqueConf 802259060 originConf 955153053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792220138 that extends conf 802259060 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 955153053 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6, let clone and return new conf 13155455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.11 uniqueConf 13155455 originConf 955153053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534285102 that extends conf 13155455 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 955153053 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.6, let clone and return new conf 2021829652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.12 uniqueConf 2021829652 originConf 955153053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184345765 that extends conf 2021829652 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 115139998 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7 uniqueConf 115139998 originConf 115139998
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60055669 that extends conf 115139998 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409832049 that extends conf 115139998 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 60055669 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7, let clone and return new conf 1285841764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.13 uniqueConf 1285841764 originConf 60055669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113822336 that extends conf 1285841764 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 60055669 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7, let clone and return new conf 2096610983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.14 uniqueConf 2096610983 originConf 60055669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997044199 that extends conf 2096610983 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 60055669 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7, let clone and return new conf 262783220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.15 uniqueConf 262783220 originConf 60055669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732214324 that extends conf 262783220 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 60055669 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.7, let clone and return new conf 645719794
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.16 uniqueConf 645719794 originConf 60055669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311391387 that extends conf 645719794 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 716896919 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8 uniqueConf 716896919 originConf 716896919
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681629677 that extends conf 716896919 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585814865 that extends conf 716896919 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1681629677 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8, let clone and return new conf 113907095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.13 uniqueConf 113907095 originConf 1681629677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135134014 that extends conf 113907095 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1681629677 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8, let clone and return new conf 204635879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.14 uniqueConf 204635879 originConf 1681629677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227944197 that extends conf 204635879 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1681629677 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8, let clone and return new conf 528495385
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.15 uniqueConf 528495385 originConf 1681629677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016673756 that extends conf 528495385 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1681629677 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.8, let clone and return new conf 1734959995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.16 uniqueConf 1734959995 originConf 1681629677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689901130 that extends conf 1734959995 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1266602046 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9 uniqueConf 1266602046 originConf 1266602046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406593369 that extends conf 1266602046 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936544568 that extends conf 1266602046 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1406593369 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9, let clone and return new conf 1243697859
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.17 uniqueConf 1243697859 originConf 1406593369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155970551 that extends conf 1243697859 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1406593369 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9, let clone and return new conf 98287564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.18 uniqueConf 98287564 originConf 1406593369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168917246 that extends conf 98287564 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1406593369 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.9, let clone and return new conf 882122417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.19 uniqueConf 882122417 originConf 1406593369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1024048433 that extends conf 882122417 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1587279684 is unique for registering as mapreduce:MRAppMaster
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.10 uniqueConf 1587279684 originConf 1587279684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180773372 that extends conf 1587279684 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680630881 that extends conf 1587279684 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1180773372 is shared with component mapreduce:MRAppMaster.10, let clone and return new conf 68370098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.17 uniqueConf 68370098 originConf 1180773372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181715008 that extends conf 68370098 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.17's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
