msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464191502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616881582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 616881582 originConf 1464191502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 616881582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296928719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1723278948 originConf 1296928719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577682023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 577682023
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1462928549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 892611887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 892611887 originConf 1462928549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315908533 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920098017 that extends conf 1315908533 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447144896 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508130444 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573242471 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613424566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 281896787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 281896787 originConf 1613424566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501991708 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750120280 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323235180 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347572726 that extends conf 1323235180 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706939736 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 792195577 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 863286716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 863286716 originConf 792195577
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623446986 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320826684 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987707214 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042120257 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015539383 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125549276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1010434098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1010434098 originConf 125549276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583020257 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354154358 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517105378 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131353113 that extends conf 1517105378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387377349 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 481792876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 414765427
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 414765427 originConf 481792876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938047257 that extends conf 414765427 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942895718 that extends conf 1938047257 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501855493 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818130531 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13950734 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042874081 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178605914 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535910992 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243440025 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577948592 that extends conf 347572726 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94500728 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145416033 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296316112 that extends conf 2042120257 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732176900 that extends conf 863286716 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939693702 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627618479 that extends conf 131353113 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789237070 that extends conf 1010434098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
