msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238431319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 238431319 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365197105 that extends conf 699871906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164289802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66845334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 66845334 originConf 1164289802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226298219 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833973673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1110148152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1110148152 originConf 1833973673
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892611887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812031404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 812031404 originConf 892611887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047812687 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370709582 that extends conf 2047812687 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041905665 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425319920 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120043781 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485179287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 136011184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 136011184 originConf 1485179287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521132614 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839552703 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557016605 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213367860 that extends conf 557016605 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551350415 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1249070084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197535593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1197535593 originConf 1249070084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713847712 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706655559 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626961003 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493642909 that extends conf 626961003 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177389135 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1407713529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 863748063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 863748063 originConf 1407713529
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709317347 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977493952 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 264767425 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890060621 that extends conf 264767425 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938047257 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110148152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1168956689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1168956689 originConf 1110148152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057841208 that extends conf 1168956689 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888112383 that extends conf 1057841208 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454841229 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95980430 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48522228 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771084820 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192529727 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868437199 that extends conf 812031404 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224468764 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579983776 that extends conf 1213367860 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145122075 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608414678 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660099921 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728526866 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728266914 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742798189 that extends conf 890060621 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639341396 that extends conf 863748063 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3170017 that extends conf 1425319920 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1789910327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638564623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 638564623 originConf 1789910327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549048627 that extends conf 1425319920 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070461995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1341269097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1341269097 originConf 2070461995
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: null
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
