msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 534906248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1169794610
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1169794610 originConf 534906248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150963491 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990897274 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095486832 that extends conf 1169794610 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 376416077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 263053820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1 uniqueConf 263053820 originConf 376416077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493988307 that extends conf 263053820 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 263053820 into componenet mapreduce:MRAppMaster.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42025057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 42025057 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225224584 that extends conf 42025057 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 228135219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 228135219 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047541687 that extends conf 228135219 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1773528839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 1773528839 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166983447 that extends conf 1773528839 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285980051
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 1285980051 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943282751 that extends conf 1285980051 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 891254941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.5 uniqueConf 891254941 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591559270 that extends conf 891254941 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558692730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.6 uniqueConf 1558692730 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247525637 that extends conf 1558692730 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087749072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.7 uniqueConf 1087749072 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1886681318 that extends conf 1087749072 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308971905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.8 uniqueConf 308971905 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455809552 that extends conf 308971905 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1984768414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.9 uniqueConf 1984768414 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632151289 that extends conf 1984768414 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1674411852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.10 uniqueConf 1674411852 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544543423 that extends conf 1674411852 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 846225592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 846225592 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685521166 that extends conf 846225592 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1786496343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.2 uniqueConf 1786496343 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 500429446 that extends conf 1786496343 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 748106788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.3 uniqueConf 748106788 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881423307 that extends conf 748106788 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1153507301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.4 uniqueConf 1153507301 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183089209 that extends conf 1153507301 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 37489923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.5 uniqueConf 37489923 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322128534 that extends conf 37489923 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750371388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.6 uniqueConf 750371388 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536907602 that extends conf 750371388 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508839264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.7 uniqueConf 508839264 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090781876 that extends conf 508839264 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 141300723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.8 uniqueConf 141300723 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741500851 that extends conf 141300723 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 284248080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.9 uniqueConf 284248080 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444653014 that extends conf 284248080 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493988307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1922807550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.10 uniqueConf 1922807550 originConf 1493988307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303070945 that extends conf 1922807550 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
