msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 288958772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752461090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1752461090 originConf 288958772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 1752461090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1689458432 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 429804587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1932244589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70978270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 70978270 originConf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566269351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44249014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 44249014 originConf 1566269351
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 926905424 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101740901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 101740901 originConf 926905424
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21277524 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636487850 that extends conf 21277524 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619369818 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437107223 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943219925 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 780172372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1825662118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1825662118 originConf 780172372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055472834 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 449105069 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1390430007 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318555935 that extends conf 1390430007 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054913783 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010434098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095793272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 2095793272 originConf 1010434098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690287064 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517105378 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 189970261 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33238366 that extends conf 189970261 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702089463 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44249014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1938047257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1938047257 originConf 44249014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156729376 that extends conf 1938047257 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377941441 that extends conf 1156729376 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786872722 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166710672 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597425891 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911379471 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993208674 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692763171 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169110289 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824242116 that extends conf 318555935 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209462308 that extends conf 1825662118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066478917 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106390956 that extends conf 33238366 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569164069 that extends conf 2095793272 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 660099921 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1282611542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1282611542 originConf 660099921
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123948843 that extends conf 1282611542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1433627902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1578633903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1578633903 originConf 1433627902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635011037 that extends conf 1578633903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185544081 that extends conf 1635011037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683063408 that extends conf 1578633903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1938446408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618480889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 618480889 originConf 1938446408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447825462 that extends conf 618480889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053481312 that extends conf 447825462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067076166 that extends conf 618480889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1756333997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1138121345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.2 uniqueConf 1138121345 originConf 1756333997
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2055458002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10288247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 10288247 originConf 2055458002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300804223 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372238985 that extends conf 300804223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198973449 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 525558913 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493519750 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 224738881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 997770883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 997770883 originConf 224738881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786047074 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726490536 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538855361 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994173375 that extends conf 1538855361 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215208733 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1789237070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583210428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 1583210428 originConf 1789237070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133731484 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922150177 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721286839 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230507176 that extends conf 721286839 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123830468 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1138121345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 547507935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 547507935 originConf 1138121345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697707311 that extends conf 547507935 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44796172 that extends conf 697707311 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975790343 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904839162 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095446005 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050406642 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715504968 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276604401 that extends conf 10288247 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586722754 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 636536295 that extends conf 994173375 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872158052 that extends conf 997770883 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192752977 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21491673 that extends conf 1230507176 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703254852 that extends conf 1583210428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1339556608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2121754508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 2121754508 originConf 1339556608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 289336712 that extends conf 2121754508 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 289336712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752090153 that extends conf 289336712 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015630874 that extends conf 525558913 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 493453381 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1460129533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1460129533 originConf 493453381
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750293113 that extends conf 525558913 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475929359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372852771
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1372852771 originConf 1475929359
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Job failed!
msx-listener stackTrace: java.io.IOException: Job failed!
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
