msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1886491834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 294658058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 294658058 originConf 1886491834
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2044215423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 966544353
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 966544353 originConf 2044215423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003463579 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372469954 that extends conf 2003463579 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513608173 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698741991 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932582590 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 388104475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470966439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1470966439 originConf 388104475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181815135 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424482154 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690713209 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010545395 that extends conf 1690713209 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323823279 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1336777650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367165453
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1367165453 originConf 1336777650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895143699 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429351083 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726408598 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043358826 that extends conf 726408598 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671590089 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58488213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053967012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1053967012 originConf 58488213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608633989 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166694583 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885910946 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33563464 that extends conf 885910946 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822087264 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 30699728 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38603201
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 38603201 originConf 30699728
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357700757 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966355106 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599782425 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635611994 that extends conf 599782425 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930903395 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 294658058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832292933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 832292933 originConf 294658058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280603381 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970521553 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895479349 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921012072 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562595588 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654589039 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 966544353 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668385683 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742900195 that extends conf 2010545395 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181191753 that extends conf 1470966439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706453768 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906128360 that extends conf 1043358826 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022830989 that extends conf 1367165453 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943266645 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594981181 that extends conf 33563464 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20084184 that extends conf 1053967012 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205446988 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919592808 that extends conf 635611994 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728236551 that extends conf 38603201 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
