msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1365711624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687399269 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164289802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66845334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 66845334 originConf 1164289802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226298219 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582330795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1010983633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1010983633 originConf 1582330795
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 160696258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269244031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 269244031 originConf 160696258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951000054 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018664185 that extends conf 951000054 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956061012 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501261420 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320861946 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760020675 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832322085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 832322085 originConf 1760020675
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551263930 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397516135 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981372076 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 792195577 that extends conf 1981372076 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078448857 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 6688524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2047799833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 2047799833 originConf 6688524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179244298 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650410100 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108367077 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172299409 that extends conf 1108367077 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582406355 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076462312 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493642909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1493642909 originConf 2076462312
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629133067 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848102479 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17792118 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457499015 that extends conf 17792118 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142411945 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010983633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 606826010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 606826010 originConf 1010983633
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967343730 that extends conf 606826010 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507488307 that extends conf 967343730 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825811850 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1051927339 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769195805 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808470758 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377992370 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582857168 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848760713 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22179697 that extends conf 792195577 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487369776 that extends conf 832322085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732146867 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39959931 that extends conf 172299409 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508864177 that extends conf 2047799833 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426124479 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3981395 that extends conf 1457499015 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309459252 that extends conf 1493642909 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
