msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603177117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 330551672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 330551672 originConf 1603177117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828868503 that extends conf 330551672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238431319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 238431319 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365197105 that extends conf 699871906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 332498651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503614751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1503614751 originConf 332498651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1503614751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320869181 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555793073 that extends conf 1503614751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 269244031 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 817944369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 817944369 originConf 269244031
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577682023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833973673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1833973673 originConf 577682023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129924629 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298483237 that extends conf 129924629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057263702 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573242471 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602928593 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596376940 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 250702170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 250702170 originConf 596376940
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361712894 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698437724 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810353241 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720803395 that extends conf 810353241 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 342740966 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455036946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2061316668
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 2061316668 originConf 455036946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953253248 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675889995 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622912252 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582406355 that extends conf 1622912252 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493642909 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481056406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 177389135
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 177389135 originConf 1481056406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145921383 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74735260 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791412502 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142411945 that extends conf 791412502 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890060621 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 817944369 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562912969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1562912969 originConf 817944369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973615092 that extends conf 1562912969 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720839448 that extends conf 973615092 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761533964 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943501193 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164052991 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680479914 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535910992 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243440025 that extends conf 1833973673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1212238315 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500821480 that extends conf 720803395 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330143761 that extends conf 250702170 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902527840 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732176900 that extends conf 1582406355 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947060963 that extends conf 2061316668 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539718688 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789237070 that extends conf 2142411945 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757660418 that extends conf 177389135 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
