msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464191502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616881582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 616881582 originConf 1464191502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41765385 that extends conf 616881582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1556061855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237484673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 237484673 originConf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 185203393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 129371198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106113013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 106113013 originConf 129371198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1950117092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1882395698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1882395698 originConf 1950117092
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 31366484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002410023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1002410023 originConf 31366484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590406624 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185583672 that extends conf 590406624 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278196189 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988402146 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829053325 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1262477422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 41633258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 41633258 originConf 1262477422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111181256 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585496942 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031467683 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576222471 that extends conf 2031467683 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249070084 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623446986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985363238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1985363238 originConf 623446986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338229093 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71209097 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012776440 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389984438 that extends conf 1012776440 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583020257 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816918962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 690287064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 690287064 originConf 816918962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27971761 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316731851 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1242969461 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177852821 that extends conf 1242969461 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092382020 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882395698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 793521364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 793521364 originConf 1882395698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007004340 that extends conf 793521364 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760625024 that extends conf 2007004340 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824327284 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197535883 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746436902 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1435191618 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505774574 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020421154 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322907569 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371397528 that extends conf 576222471 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826945968 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128109696 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253171986 that extends conf 1389984438 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172707268 that extends conf 1985363238 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911933063 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954035189 that extends conf 1177852821 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200812313 that extends conf 690287064 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
