msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540219992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1842943543 originConf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648972298 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368955890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1269339945 originConf 368955890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1913113425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585841343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1585841343 originConf 1913113425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646234040 that extends conf 1585841343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143700452 that extends conf 1646234040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761229698 that extends conf 1585841343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103394942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1242427797 originConf 103394942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084486251 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668301868 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632669667 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955502880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 448569108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 448569108 originConf 1955502880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 946884592 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193864812 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897801829 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021601975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1171713907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1171713907 originConf 2021601975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555895711 that extends conf 1171713907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741191984 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791499503 that extends conf 1171713907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 827843776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 971404566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 971404566 originConf 827843776
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42158278 that extends conf 971404566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062132026 that extends conf 42158278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945698516 that extends conf 971404566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362435880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1649829954 originConf 1362435880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18601987 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169049466 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112073835 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680306160 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
