msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[23]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147394515 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785807415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226298219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1226298219 originConf 1785807415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1226298219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160106451 that extends conf 397309480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682157864 that extends conf 1226298219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1456265041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1183905155
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1183905155 originConf 1456265041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933646237 that extends conf 1183905155 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181326224 that extends conf 1183905155 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788256184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004628751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2004628751 originConf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015659282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 392403246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 392403246 originConf 1015659282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645208036 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673129458 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625111587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9983638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 9983638 originConf 1625111587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219637204 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893736577 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1970528559 originConf 1893736577
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337545117 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538745405 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252247502 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[23]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[23]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
