msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 1851522556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116184677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 116184677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482429406 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 67811496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2012095985 originConf 67811496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 2012095985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366629983 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156841091 that extends conf 2012095985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465839591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253027775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 253027775 originConf 465839591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962826086 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995531141 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1747702724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058174333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2058174333 originConf 1747702724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985869725 that extends conf 2058174333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513279161 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 2058174333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810576909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73608444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 73608444 originConf 810576909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697298649 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124376339 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628933116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836397870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 836397870 originConf 628933116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113416412 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253767021 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744579245 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[19]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
