msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389091245 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 609703116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 609703116 originConf 389091245
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392626545 that extends conf 609703116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 575912575 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133105606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1133105606 originConf 575912575
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765733269 that extends conf 1133105606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819303519 that extends conf 765733269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697539506 that extends conf 1133105606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905810166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70624648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 70624648 originConf 905810166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657021826 that extends conf 70624648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893392890 that extends conf 1657021826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409079757 that extends conf 70624648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1505638867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2039832122
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2039832122 originConf 1505638867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425694163 that extends conf 2039832122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204331508 that extends conf 1425694163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127799640 that extends conf 2039832122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1055421810 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821005731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 821005731 originConf 1055421810
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651432851 that extends conf 821005731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290248894 that extends conf 1651432851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227254375 that extends conf 821005731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933444095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1665936309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1665936309 originConf 933444095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317089551 that extends conf 1665936309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437568989 that extends conf 317089551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27714949 that extends conf 1665936309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 914118873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1055008255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1055008255 originConf 914118873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980441996 that extends conf 1055008255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686698404 that extends conf 1980441996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581246567 that extends conf 1055008255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1073735507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 382544558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 382544558 originConf 1073735507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717216628 that extends conf 382544558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577926414 that extends conf 717216628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479904244 that extends conf 382544558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1780385829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 555457244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 555457244 originConf 1780385829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671820565 that extends conf 555457244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273135730 that extends conf 671820565 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317353019 that extends conf 555457244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882149334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 780364097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 780364097 originConf 882149334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749843126 that extends conf 780364097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326667034 that extends conf 749843126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495090247 that extends conf 780364097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
