msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116356643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1720746883 originConf 116356643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495257933 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862347028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 1862347028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178259104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1832657711 originConf 178259104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235908203 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386020581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1257532915 originConf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1941598182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015455415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2015455415 originConf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102577332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1258103238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1258103238 originConf 102577332
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069350529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933799970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1933799970 originConf 1069350529
msx-rc 0
