msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538849250 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657069980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 657069980 originConf 1538849250
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775120226 that extends conf 403960809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320869181 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787083818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1395173825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1395173825 originConf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050149826 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 1050149826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586917260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 586917260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700348233 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872047468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133177937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 133177937 originConf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948650013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 948650013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299497914 that extends conf 1313618488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514793058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697298649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1697298649 originConf 514793058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1356054329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164757726 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220747354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424209001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 424209001 originConf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 666911607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368193098 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994249754 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
