msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285418035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453749509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1453749509 originConf 1285418035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88447841 that extends conf 1453749509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862943686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532582082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 532582082 originConf 1862943686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949909106 that extends conf 532582082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570138183 that extends conf 1949909106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678546635 that extends conf 532582082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142200698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237995891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 237995891 originConf 2142200698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597344556 that extends conf 237995891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349106064 that extends conf 1597344556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213824636 that extends conf 237995891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963977329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1067291579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1067291579 originConf 963977329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599616723 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696900715 that extends conf 599616723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733046850 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1342717331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880858127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 880858127 originConf 1342717331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680905831 that extends conf 880858127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711344491 that extends conf 1680905831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083390260 that extends conf 880858127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 309849620 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1767099740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1767099740 originConf 309849620
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837152240 that extends conf 1767099740 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116392107 that extends conf 1837152240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812046229 that extends conf 1767099740 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
