msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1314228008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1771687225 originConf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698498109 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665308978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1622863652 originConf 1665308978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1402333753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 518692141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800932232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1800932232 originConf 518692141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 1260127127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425275537 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223303171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1585711807 originConf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214768579 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000530216 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239132915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2041263297 originConf 1239132915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 555740147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 2060432982 originConf 555740147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605783571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783882192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 783882192 originConf 1605783571
msx-rc 0
