msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 402249858 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 402249858 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45822040 that extends conf 402249858 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 405252209 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 560465923 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 560465923 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626626764 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 855724043 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 855724043
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 29774113 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 29774113 originConf 29774113
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 790229674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1500588149 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1500588149 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538618049 that extends conf 1500588149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843149630 that extends conf 1500588149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 756637412 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 756637412 originConf 756637412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457417579 that extends conf 756637412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 756637412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1317963297 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1317963297 originConf 1317963297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 1317963297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 1317963297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 925936450 is unique for registering as hdfs:Router
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 925936450 originConf 925936450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687685057 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837946527 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256139608 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854640632 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 204568533 is unique for registering as hdfs:Router
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 204568533 originConf 204568533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724736957 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880908391 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293667566 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221433900 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1831717330 is unique for registering as hdfs:Router
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1831717330 originConf 1831717330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917704874 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992525817 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947173397 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568159144 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1765865093 is unique for registering as hdfs:Router
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445192925 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366741625 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926905424 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225753796 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922547904 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864864095 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934908288 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706453768 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881794276 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672670604 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2132578664 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942123206 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158995654 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914978702 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159663588 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187132582 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647044307 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607206189 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768266329 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060832639 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569527 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002397353 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760291186 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659937193 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977940504 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350816121 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001306619 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542687244 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585124092 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1712614990 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426515221 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375609310 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123920038 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268631989 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400414560 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897099694 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588065680 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092649887 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581488937 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824530966 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820406976 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154016833 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298183229 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519114518 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588705000 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742914244 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735068763 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467695947 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134168221 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974673327 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657636137 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125118319 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826750425 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693235154 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199282282 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69338591 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791085920 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989702118 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244287991 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 736770661 that extends conf 1831717330 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276762037 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794810433 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8068394 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145820196 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635927751 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728674085 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507912691 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647321515 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157244881 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950723477 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582037527 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315152876 that extends conf 204568533 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
