msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090289474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2000410491 originConf 2090289474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871678080 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774897456 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 691096777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 691096777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562595588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 1562595588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1044965465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482032955
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 482032955 originConf 1044965465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096343229 that extends conf 482032955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 482032955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103234208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 524566446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 524566446 originConf 1103234208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373361892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 696591495
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 696591495 originConf 1373361892
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550080835 that extends conf 696591495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697441364 that extends conf 1550080835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663277822 that extends conf 696591495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337545117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 337545117 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356419559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790430792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1790430792 originConf 1356419559
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373220972 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 390374517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 390374517 originConf 1373220972
msx-rc 0
