msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259551809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163228011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1163228011 originConf 259551809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835276171 that extends conf 1163228011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385526435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1945354284
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1945354284 originConf 1385526435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330620391 that extends conf 1945354284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224309447 that extends conf 1330620391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484264483 that extends conf 1945354284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124333222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348825799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1348825799 originConf 124333222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281542979 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666941955 that extends conf 1281542979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687230766 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1739326618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 600367432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 600367432 originConf 1739326618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591076635 that extends conf 600367432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202761181 that extends conf 591076635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190617225 that extends conf 600367432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 15862042 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033565618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1033565618 originConf 15862042
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974923973 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716229253 that extends conf 974923973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113768048 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1056466386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1828398173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1828398173 originConf 1056466386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501149927 that extends conf 1828398173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846538586 that extends conf 501149927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376915021 that extends conf 1828398173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402587822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760773017
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1760773017 originConf 402587822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654233542 that extends conf 1760773017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343559576 that extends conf 654233542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223456237 that extends conf 1760773017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762797378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803616952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1803616952 originConf 762797378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077842339 that extends conf 1803616952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903079238 that extends conf 2077842339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223722902 that extends conf 1803616952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951138112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 983712763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 983712763 originConf 1951138112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408530972 that extends conf 983712763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031188567 that extends conf 1408530972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694762686 that extends conf 983712763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996480575 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1477364645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1477364645 originConf 996480575
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419313279 that extends conf 1477364645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728796237 that extends conf 1419313279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927437789 that extends conf 1477364645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 921210625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1310587787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1310587787 originConf 921210625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085908468 that extends conf 1310587787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125651253 that extends conf 2085908468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548337765 that extends conf 1310587787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445192991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227016877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1227016877 originConf 1445192991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975876754 that extends conf 1227016877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693397903 that extends conf 1975876754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412492292 that extends conf 1227016877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
