msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94960738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033306750
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1033306750 originConf 94960738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872548393 that extends conf 1033306750 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847254147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442188148
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 442188148 originConf 1847254147
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410968318 that extends conf 442188148 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019501555 that extends conf 1410968318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097032977 that extends conf 442188148 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564283331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 579058319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 579058319 originConf 564283331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680254137 that extends conf 579058319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009689751 that extends conf 1680254137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067908746 that extends conf 579058319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1673840370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 705105048
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 705105048 originConf 1673840370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836738301 that extends conf 705105048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254393290 that extends conf 1836738301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752992343 that extends conf 705105048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004356262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1409199352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1409199352 originConf 2004356262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920633133 that extends conf 1409199352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598822970 that extends conf 1920633133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511036170 that extends conf 1409199352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239180518 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1849816517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1849816517 originConf 239180518
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371614381 that extends conf 1849816517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9894886 that extends conf 371614381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345979509 that extends conf 1849816517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 78463174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393989962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1393989962 originConf 78463174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921939741 that extends conf 1393989962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618184331 that extends conf 1921939741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926180090 that extends conf 1393989962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475950443 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356554166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1356554166 originConf 1475950443
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737151727 that extends conf 1356554166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223553542 that extends conf 737151727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472205632 that extends conf 1356554166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 748012572 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173607407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1173607407 originConf 748012572
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239974182 that extends conf 1173607407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1341674490 that extends conf 239974182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377498522 that extends conf 1173607407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649331649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 150055587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 150055587 originConf 1649331649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309597716 that extends conf 150055587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769862226 that extends conf 309597716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789129010 that extends conf 150055587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
