msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101721002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838627755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 838627755 originConf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120072844 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521389237 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969969319 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505964934 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564740766 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377725906 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601087254 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416987039 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662734132 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94415366 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647044307 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816577022 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942317705 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064034226 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014838090 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325410434 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993814530 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805142952 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1443688086 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321634162 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257474934 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677545521 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370047115 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795629389 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432718280 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993346104 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869642940 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723771022 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942123206 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919071381 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806948158 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588705000 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502027111 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295029417 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521640801 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465482813 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
