msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 431433677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 566302039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 566302039 originConf 431433677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172894593 that extends conf 566302039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000088795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1691603700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1691603700 originConf 1000088795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13116104 that extends conf 1691603700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214219633 that extends conf 13116104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1695093545 that extends conf 1691603700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187723715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1509616899
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1509616899 originConf 1187723715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630283973 that extends conf 1509616899 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340942811 that extends conf 1630283973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075677123 that extends conf 1509616899 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785292604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570547012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 570547012 originConf 1785292604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350887492 that extends conf 570547012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785940622 that extends conf 350887492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232031771 that extends conf 570547012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524575227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2023512089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2023512089 originConf 524575227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678718918 that extends conf 2023512089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766877893 that extends conf 678718918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766898275 that extends conf 2023512089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357303863 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1208565318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1208565318 originConf 357303863
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119631339 that extends conf 1208565318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864843699 that extends conf 119631339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185690638 that extends conf 1208565318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 853864255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1922497933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1922497933 originConf 853864255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141570965 that extends conf 1922497933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516865829 that extends conf 141570965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17467267 that extends conf 1922497933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002514239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008452754
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1008452754 originConf 1002514239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508240249 that extends conf 1008452754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487497460 that extends conf 1508240249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129333943 that extends conf 1008452754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 857259332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1665727636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1665727636 originConf 857259332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54279606 that extends conf 1665727636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587114939 that extends conf 54279606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795434138 that extends conf 1665727636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 33082283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699624061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1699624061 originConf 33082283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022494844 that extends conf 1699624061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593700280 that extends conf 1022494844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875728043 that extends conf 1699624061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 230874824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689736814
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1689736814 originConf 230874824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720398824 that extends conf 1689736814 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424200622 that extends conf 720398824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570731150 that extends conf 1689736814 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 953278691 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 339751043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 339751043 originConf 953278691
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690196461 that extends conf 339751043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682102261 that extends conf 1690196461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399608733 that extends conf 339751043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 385456310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1629038424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1629038424 originConf 385456310
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983730495 that extends conf 1629038424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367968659 that extends conf 1983730495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1403792577 that extends conf 1629038424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1750027521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70082580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 70082580 originConf 1750027521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089512095 that extends conf 70082580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304832772 that extends conf 2089512095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902495788 that extends conf 70082580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2039840667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1064319638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1064319638 originConf 2039840667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913746354 that extends conf 1064319638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302491772 that extends conf 913746354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148461085 that extends conf 1064319638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1748026415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571441580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 571441580 originConf 1748026415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987566571 that extends conf 571441580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796060188 that extends conf 1987566571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 815014250 that extends conf 571441580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 364216115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1379139476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1379139476 originConf 364216115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299005730 that extends conf 1379139476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 772344200 that extends conf 1299005730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812211434 that extends conf 1379139476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 493951338 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1656901936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1656901936 originConf 493951338
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531162064 that extends conf 1656901936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114866401 that extends conf 531162064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295542609 that extends conf 1656901936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1516014460 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996219247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1996219247 originConf 1516014460
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145300978 that extends conf 1996219247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696086686 that extends conf 1145300978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723802337 that extends conf 1996219247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2101615301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1438476404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1438476404 originConf 2101615301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455901077 that extends conf 1438476404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162559493 that extends conf 1455901077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185842722 that extends conf 1438476404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 661410987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1208867730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1208867730 originConf 661410987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204927567 that extends conf 1208867730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909354685 that extends conf 1204927567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49161430 that extends conf 1208867730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 627531661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1690980319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1690980319 originConf 627531661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532285130 that extends conf 1690980319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644042588 that extends conf 532285130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122919381 that extends conf 1690980319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 987223372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787608669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1787608669 originConf 987223372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590212772 that extends conf 1787608669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962241263 that extends conf 1590212772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831807141 that extends conf 1787608669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 334236605 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1776230806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1776230806 originConf 334236605
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849612734 that extends conf 1776230806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748985345 that extends conf 849612734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074475808 that extends conf 1776230806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 334170656 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1050107481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1050107481 originConf 334170656
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 334170656 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1021390090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1021390090 originConf 334170656
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 334170656 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1724455538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.3 uniqueConf 1724455538 originConf 334170656
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerRPCDelay#testBalancerRPCDelay
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
