msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testRateThrottling
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607207372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132307065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1132307065 originConf 607207372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948810915 that extends conf 1132307065 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912747546 that extends conf 1132307065 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530957251 that extends conf 912747546 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292472219 that extends conf 912747546 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767511741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2143571436
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2143571436 originConf 767511741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191864687 that extends conf 2143571436 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80141040 that extends conf 2143571436 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275056979 that extends conf 80141040 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106557175 that extends conf 80141040 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371976476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480184864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 480184864 originConf 371976476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54960993 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607207372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1364884853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1364884853 originConf 607207372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414540497 that extends conf 1364884853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134188709 that extends conf 1364884853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70886803 that extends conf 1134188709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810240055 that extends conf 1134188709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767511741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 672247525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 672247525 originConf 767511741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28995235 that extends conf 672247525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371976476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523320090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 523320090 originConf 371976476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326107580 that extends conf 523320090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767511741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1694446723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1694446723 originConf 767511741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100419909 that extends conf 1694446723 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441493993 that extends conf 1694446723 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609828525 that extends conf 1441493993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767217465 that extends conf 1441493993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371976476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 793326647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 793326647 originConf 371976476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203527401 that extends conf 793326647 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683306838 that extends conf 793326647 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006324025 that extends conf 683306838 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933062169 that extends conf 683306838 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726544706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1898093784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1898093784 originConf 1726544706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696278739 that extends conf 1898093784 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154238619 that extends conf 1898093784 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938041268 that extends conf 1154238619 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467033107 that extends conf 1154238619 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 268006309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1413383216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1413383216 originConf 268006309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780946120 that extends conf 1413383216 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355329439 that extends conf 1413383216 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097346438 that extends conf 355329439 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762260285 that extends conf 355329439 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555616754 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 642238900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 642238900 originConf 1555616754
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494710455 that extends conf 642238900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695938071 that extends conf 642238900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798601482 that extends conf 695938071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872721227 that extends conf 695938071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726544706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470215380
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 1470215380 originConf 1726544706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373386881 that extends conf 1470215380 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917070116 that extends conf 1470215380 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 606447405 that extends conf 917070116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191371413 that extends conf 917070116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 268006309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 815437328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 815437328 originConf 268006309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732573648 that extends conf 815437328 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555616754 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1937227542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.14 uniqueConf 1937227542 originConf 1555616754
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901658811 that extends conf 1937227542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testRateThrottling
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testRateThrottling
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
