msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 846254484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 890545344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 890545344 originConf 846254484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502848122 that extends conf 890545344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203819996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 662925691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 662925691 originConf 203819996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660595570 that extends conf 662925691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1491522744 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 929706284
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 929706284 originConf 1491522744
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482748887 that extends conf 929706284 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1542598424 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665137804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 665137804 originConf 1542598424
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 665137804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927499639 that extends conf 1928621590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701487403 that extends conf 665137804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855724043 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063786038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182758821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1182758821 originConf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 978035840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1956060889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1956060889 originConf 978035840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1675239551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087440001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1087440001 originConf 1675239551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659282412 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1111710616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1893736577
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1893736577 originConf 1111710616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 1893736577 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1277716905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1473143631 originConf 1277716905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775741122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1479100519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1479100519 originConf 775741122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075093711 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833707324 that extends conf 2075093711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274426173 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1334528976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 366828226
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 366828226 originConf 1334528976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420599919 that extends conf 366828226 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385140107 that extends conf 1420599919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759313234 that extends conf 366828226 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468357786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 421163163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 421163163 originConf 1468357786
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468357786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1263841085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1263841085 originConf 1468357786
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testBalancing2OutOf3Blockpools
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
