msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638471954 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537885006 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519813758 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650875814 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508530434 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57914100 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633528257 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013323896 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841009493 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250975409 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906814298 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361682025 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894208903 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043753409 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417957694 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278751879 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221106690 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486243220 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272386001 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219179882 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457783464 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229924074 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770265146 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684055868 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73445838 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393701490 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442827255 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066321864 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279019578 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167089721 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68026305 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872896948 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998990686 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
