msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testRandomJournalMissingLogs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2095490653 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2095490653 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170144208 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33533830 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1100399456 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1100399456 originConf 1100399456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082557120 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1870209957 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1870209957 originConf 1870209957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939022383 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593165620 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367015742 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748820331 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395125041 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501316131 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034844332 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408650251 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805288671 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223377933 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273833873 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245492923 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233533970 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719371482 that extends conf 1870209957 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223290315 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592142743 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344392763 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 67730604 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 67730604 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285510870 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934632442 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181772107 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980763565 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253495934 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184847919 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141066548 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802270853 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937280997 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860845227 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328192523 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308329645 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948292457 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 67730604 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 955443582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 955443582 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274225913 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563721311 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856176837 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815122389 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 665565246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 665565246 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049348234 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132459365 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944774242 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304682882 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1626529981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1799424291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70811599 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133933005 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038019331 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testRandomJournalMissingLogs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testRandomJournalMissingLogs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
