msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842943543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1445999733 originConf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394424498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239937174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 239937174 originConf 394424498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161118423 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956296628 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527906606 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688917723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255041198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 255041198 originConf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957530885 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794563378 that extends conf 1957530885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930089183 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66774422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558460059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1558460059 originConf 66774422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793580716 that extends conf 1558460059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827248723 that extends conf 1793580716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775675341 that extends conf 1558460059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1851241961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 895705623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 895705623 originConf 1851241961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333945918 that extends conf 895705623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656318404 that extends conf 1333945918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238339624 that extends conf 895705623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450420562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651698411
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 651698411 originConf 450420562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609960076 that extends conf 651698411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096268257 that extends conf 1609960076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231191650 that extends conf 651698411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1124288521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740708279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1740708279 originConf 1124288521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491676195 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710591086 that extends conf 1491676195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487287849 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615535645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81505591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 81505591 originConf 1615535645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143968486 that extends conf 81505591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577037372 that extends conf 1143968486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81355344 that extends conf 81505591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554146322 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:38015: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:38015: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
