msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1306271546 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 633542465 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 2046909277 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 815943600 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1190863591 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1141914342 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2112476923 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1691215614 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1181052079 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 603111314 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1920802386 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 396246970 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1283069258, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 316151290, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 180744830, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1466360246, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 621102536, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 321229542, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1477553232, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 837057573, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 398508937, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 149093628, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2068399629 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 32088910 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1701012243 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 168619020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1101976296 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1578238253 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 910329801 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 187235898 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1978442126 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1414835375 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1457489760, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 667873102, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1585345439, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1155984044, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2045434308, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1826795986, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 695832970, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 746011083, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 368124005, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 804499793, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 525162325 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1959565567 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 4355114 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1975132138 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 746947876 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2756098 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 776075463 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 565384153 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 310218625 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1501877969 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 987305109, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 127087594, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 185541663, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1207926583, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 41563487, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1935815441, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1682297148, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 80266836, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1624762991, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2111181593, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 251828073 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 927344674 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 921666968 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 380239929 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 589794784 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2139151253 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1282940647 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 626891112 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 534861321 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1597762605 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1839847253, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2088455824, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 315235685, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1190823162, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 868581525, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 278920708, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2014033885, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 905908114, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 152860643, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1780923274, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 791506593 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 676369128 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1803988312 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 396365523 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1038073585 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 110535878 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 404357308 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1754606272 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 567689846 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 440309416 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 813014073, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 787113075, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 543504174, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 367951648, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1345431786, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1575747033, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1487860655, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 572027881, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 465689292, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 817657709, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1295263424 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1933871511 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1980928427 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1400414162 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2141134411 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 956433587 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1957306976 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 359607135 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1851451824 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1615177965 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2097027336, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2133270352, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 759694524, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1974428993, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 339538800, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 420675484, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 83122015, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 104978768, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1595981292, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 872304288, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1627449933 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1473989491 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 346989259 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1403119921 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1835283513 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1141867961 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 593269152 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1512372390 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1286576486 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 459247773 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1854017548, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 528033491, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1836474106, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 443949189, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 729672579, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 120634305, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 37390668, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 195497538, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 242337761, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1149120377, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 711425494 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1391899397 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1587966127 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1621807952 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1354013848 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1682081043 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1986939877 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 907508819 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1249591780 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2029028200 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480209213, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 155458286, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 478742277, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 29967400, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1465147622, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2092618482, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1562935358, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1349321131, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1372201139, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2141231225, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1524453409 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1475834345 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1962095348 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2024693931 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1820237474 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 257264768 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1284859463 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 865325588 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 769010362 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1696905437 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654266519, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1959689574, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1567273920, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 446437388, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 238140739, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1462902756, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1860984177, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1533008596, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 624937736, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 556192529, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 12406962 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 681983253 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 933536144 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1977606815 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 538068513 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1310452039 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1653549362 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 734804501 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1603868403 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 650214965 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 101138222, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1628238307, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 515809424, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2014871329, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 302993408, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2040065508, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 404989211, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1922302265, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 18219603, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1958760997, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
