msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1190583871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599692628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1599692628 originConf 1190583871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268188738 that extends conf 1599692628 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660909615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924407181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 924407181 originConf 1660909615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385449436 that extends conf 924407181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570794614 that extends conf 1385449436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133204749 that extends conf 924407181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015838508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212195745
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 212195745 originConf 1015838508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356308216 that extends conf 212195745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758954435 that extends conf 356308216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399992956 that extends conf 212195745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 640475789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 150122465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 150122465 originConf 640475789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103616790 that extends conf 150122465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724078283 that extends conf 103616790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069840569 that extends conf 150122465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1966122978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407572653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1407572653 originConf 1966122978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906082723 that extends conf 1407572653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214382480 that extends conf 1906082723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731971818 that extends conf 1407572653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1975845971 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1663884419
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1663884419 originConf 1975845971
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551416253 that extends conf 1663884419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273613688 that extends conf 1551416253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687606730 that extends conf 1663884419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 427131877 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1553933726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1553933726 originConf 427131877
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549348109 that extends conf 1553933726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318226493 that extends conf 1549348109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052288026 that extends conf 1553933726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 727650828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214876374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 214876374 originConf 727650828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734378901 that extends conf 214876374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671510795 that extends conf 734378901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661302836 that extends conf 214876374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1729110796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1974503064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1974503064 originConf 1729110796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634618838 that extends conf 1974503064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712453270 that extends conf 1634618838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620548325 that extends conf 1974503064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502075915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174286879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1174286879 originConf 1502075915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242291305 that extends conf 1174286879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855987761 that extends conf 242291305 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609461789 that extends conf 1174286879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
