msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475603167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371495133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1371495133 originConf 475603167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45822040 that extends conf 1371495133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1526062841 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1661161169
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1661161169 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327539680 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332234405 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173059685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 173059685 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012095985 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572370257 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341887005 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092822 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854230363 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065924065 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92981180 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441127332 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533970951 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128232279 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093932354 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928592463 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9046505 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993214908 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800133778 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609851559 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168642319 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193188761 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674739322 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972347635 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
