msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1206883981 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1710989308 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 367967231 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1995952705 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1365575811 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1391119179 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1490985125 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 485475507 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1182758821 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1377160602 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 814111376 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1222094219 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 834562889 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1285463992 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1625939772 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1969856053, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 741883443, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 298724898, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 795590320, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 167693809, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 498134055, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1689458432, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 61304908, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 486348917, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 854989361, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 47918293, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 181078353, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 176955204, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 41421271 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 26320020 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 22696884 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 985542179 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1547434847 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1347816535 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 129446130 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 895873575 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1953302147 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1262375670 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 23356707 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 687141357 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1503588652 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 77674631, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 392639850, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1614025677, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1071244428, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 218552119, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 562305488, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 413038906, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 536159989, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 144965682, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 600918140, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1418401648, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1475801845, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 77674631, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 26320020 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1697367570, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1582234259 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1538361581 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1148458136 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 771810608 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1740322583 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 898314393 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1418632443 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 957769165 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1441099992 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 436195614 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1836285002 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1191540366 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 61429358 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 198622454, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 49407949, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 889847594, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1032403571, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480459418, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 974103979, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1858471234, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1888909692, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 917592093, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2132592630, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 137893166, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1268309359, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 198622454, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 1538361581 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 214770284, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 570160232 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 535877403 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1657920248 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1847836745 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1128749505 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 155372206 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 322439507 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 464234901 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 771670897 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1764185550 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1965054807 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 375603419 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2087020902 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 771139223, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 501587543, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 555336808, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 281263032, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 887689488, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1605777402, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1396361525, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 490336404, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 307018677, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 288490623, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 818020910, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1269420459, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 771139223, value is null
msx-reconfagent WARN : conf 535877403 not existed in confInstanceList when removing.
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 245545276, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
