msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798310141 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353023213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1190566357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1190566357 originConf 353023213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 1190566357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091234211 that extends conf 73698537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 1190566357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1848886161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557725225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 557725225 originConf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560465923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671816300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1642308093 originConf 1671816300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 930317866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990870941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 990870941 originConf 930317866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298557761 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 10915321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1685134322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1685134322 originConf 10915321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865617081 that extends conf 732189840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 597648471 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 555238515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 555238515 originConf 597648471
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469864783 that extends conf 555238515 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1224927462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 82554393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 82554393 originConf 1224927462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896747200 that extends conf 82554393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850126020 that extends conf 1896747200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752895012 that extends conf 82554393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779947002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1335979128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1335979128 originConf 1779947002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267866904 that extends conf 1335979128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1543236576 that extends conf 1267866904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912435002 that extends conf 1335979128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288658264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451762780
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 451762780 originConf 1288658264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283108424 that extends conf 451762780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424639897 that extends conf 1283108424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673317864 that extends conf 451762780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1916566121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 635452258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 635452258 originConf 1916566121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429961646 that extends conf 635452258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949644336 that extends conf 429961646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503070005 that extends conf 635452258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807835802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 355409627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 355409627 originConf 807835802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477468350 that extends conf 355409627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868943114 that extends conf 477468350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334275208 that extends conf 355409627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2130417760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473082703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1473082703 originConf 2130417760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448596802 that extends conf 1473082703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141810678 that extends conf 1448596802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627053527 that extends conf 1473082703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 158367514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 683817531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 683817531 originConf 158367514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440781191 that extends conf 683817531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 382444042 that extends conf 440781191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108990746 that extends conf 683817531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1792596801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 228602265
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 228602265 originConf 1792596801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722896378 that extends conf 228602265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460786432 that extends conf 722896378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071809959 that extends conf 228602265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 21176449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822369826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1822369826 originConf 21176449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517281378 that extends conf 1822369826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126084407 that extends conf 517281378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071497428 that extends conf 1822369826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
