msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1534754611 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 652176954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 652176954 originConf 1534754611
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240630125 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936502650 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1936502650 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628487793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 628487793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 1511180072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116184677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 116184677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482429406 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 67811496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2012095985 originConf 67811496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 2012095985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366629983 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156841091 that extends conf 2012095985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465839591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2110785285 originConf 465839591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178259104 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577442875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356476647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 356476647 originConf 577442875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737935282 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573023937 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445999733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 425107133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 425107133 originConf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075133112 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27053221 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368802354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161118423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 161118423 originConf 368802354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726107869 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744021169 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
