msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353023213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506938939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1506938939 originConf 353023213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1415439780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 425275537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792473683
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1792473683 originConf 425275537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580874189 that extends conf 1792473683 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381930033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905488851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 905488851 originConf 381930033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457417579 that extends conf 905488851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 905488851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 756637412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356691811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 356691811 originConf 756637412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286580650 that extends conf 356691811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939869193 that extends conf 1286580650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096343229 that extends conf 356691811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1742448147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670951536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 670951536 originConf 1742448147
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844872102 that extends conf 1472759652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1682157864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643379640
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DiskBalancerCLI.1 uniqueConf 1643379640 originConf 1682157864
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
