msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020994974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366238172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1366238172 originConf 2020994974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232733908 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313281354 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1353433304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2130394317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2130394317 originConf 1353433304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516737305 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721701854 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746536421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1983241949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1983241949 originConf 1746536421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108779642 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38365992 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134681834 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217746021 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262699807 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989722391 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669508796 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584611563 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787395299 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938123912 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915654022 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373487260 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618751976 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081923354 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411376164 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50740005 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319138141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114361361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1114361361 originConf 1319138141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723183054 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111003755 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149612500 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148913260 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57948640 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642430400 that extends conf 57948640 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848417894 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490455766 that extends conf 1848417894 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010286556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427763055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 427763055 originConf 2010286556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446033686 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223524052 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371005993 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980763565 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648453471 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980236511 that extends conf 1648453471 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899421141 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090237551 that extends conf 899421141 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363960781 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1545363792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1545363792 originConf 1363960781
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531445185 that extends conf 1545363792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154337813 that extends conf 1531445185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227577879 that extends conf 1545363792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437379579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 874150007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 874150007 originConf 437379579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974700333 that extends conf 874150007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414402628 that extends conf 974700333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893627170 that extends conf 874150007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319138141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 22669608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 22669608 originConf 1319138141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 625409972 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027880960 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550720282 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431656644 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739803917 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711328024 that extends conf 1739803917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764621509 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536326514 that extends conf 1764621509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010286556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1183631853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1183631853 originConf 2010286556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561202623 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728010512 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599309489 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649990859 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492462206 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221046872 that extends conf 492462206 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385861217 that extends conf 1183631853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175572877 that extends conf 1385861217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82213842 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571486080 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316926740 that extends conf 22669608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testBasic
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
