msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestInjectionForSimulatedStorage#testInjection
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948395645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 948395645 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443502884 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1797159635 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219638321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 219638321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679002380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 524566446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 524566446 originConf 1679002380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352083264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1373361892
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1373361892 originConf 352083264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989520513 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 989520513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219637204 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809995046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360332263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1360332263 originConf 1809995046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000563893 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2059282367
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2059282367 originConf 2000563893
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985679444 that extends conf 2059282367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 985679444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56112634 that extends conf 2059282367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905940937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1901663135
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1901663135 originConf 905940937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36883680 that extends conf 1901663135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905804261 that extends conf 36883680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154172430 that extends conf 1901663135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833707324 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123664282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1123664282 originConf 1833707324
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521746054 that extends conf 1123664282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66774422 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698784309 that extends conf 1123664282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestInjectionForSimulatedStorage#testInjection
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestInjectionForSimulatedStorage#testInjection
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
