msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466853180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048434276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1048434276 originConf 466853180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930903395 that extends conf 1048434276 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1048434276 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192456457 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256893889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1335914322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1335914322 originConf 1256893889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351970188 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519911160 that extends conf 351970188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678680178 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903064416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311052922
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1311052922 originConf 903064416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629759610 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248598189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1624355359 originConf 1248598189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 30563356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1123862502 originConf 30563356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26418585 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804872134 that extends conf 26418585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366811528 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681564936 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794068152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66231846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66231846 originConf 1794068152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990226843 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 990226843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15912555 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856643544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1996556848 originConf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492947164 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807053698 that extends conf 492947164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362435880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1649829954 originConf 1362435880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18601987 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169049466 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112073835 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080561710 that extends conf 192456457 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:45666: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:45666: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[16]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
