msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125658327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2098199346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2098199346 originConf 1125658327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113821400 that extends conf 2098199346 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 445021035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1128612081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1128612081 originConf 445021035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956662648 that extends conf 1128612081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900241106 that extends conf 956662648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311731105 that extends conf 1128612081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466614888 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831097960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831097960 originConf 466614888
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472041325 that extends conf 1831097960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446167199 that extends conf 472041325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079624745 that extends conf 1831097960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 303228470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794322268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 794322268 originConf 303228470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987119637 that extends conf 794322268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750897085 that extends conf 987119637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315252874 that extends conf 794322268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186016122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823387747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 823387747 originConf 1186016122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672879947 that extends conf 823387747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604761772 that extends conf 672879947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778982074 that extends conf 823387747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1977433374 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 162663578
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 162663578 originConf 1977433374
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259123957 that extends conf 162663578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074793366 that extends conf 259123957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384650218 that extends conf 162663578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1345330948 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1679926867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1679926867 originConf 1345330948
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537888358 that extends conf 1679926867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750848120 that extends conf 537888358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238503596 that extends conf 1679926867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864909552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 502929193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 502929193 originConf 1864909552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673639069 that extends conf 502929193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182870261 that extends conf 673639069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121284844 that extends conf 502929193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 111273309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470117122
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1470117122 originConf 111273309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830181444 that extends conf 1470117122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742768054 that extends conf 1830181444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564585344 that extends conf 1470117122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 274996116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260842026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 260842026 originConf 274996116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142792183 that extends conf 260842026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172376440 that extends conf 142792183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153801394 that extends conf 260842026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468676164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13663047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 13663047 originConf 1468676164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132732607 that extends conf 13663047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263855613 that extends conf 1132732607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033257193 that extends conf 13663047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 949254699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 601054413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 601054413 originConf 949254699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023308875 that extends conf 601054413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391075321 that extends conf 2023308875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744809064 that extends conf 601054413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827688012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814861823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 814861823 originConf 1827688012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260579624 that extends conf 814861823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243209344 that extends conf 1260579624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300238892 that extends conf 814861823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1018737134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 731336945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 731336945 originConf 1018737134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663622616 that extends conf 731336945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023233826 that extends conf 663622616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080307926 that extends conf 731336945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1519487092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1210930780
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1210930780 originConf 1519487092
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482297374 that extends conf 1210930780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937993525 that extends conf 1482297374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002529000 that extends conf 1210930780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125658327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1581007310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1581007310 originConf 1125658327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 500104401 that extends conf 1581007310 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientParityNumOfNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
