msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666452347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163514547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 163514547 originConf 666452347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060491709 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46927869 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128345909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913054584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1913054584 originConf 1128345909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106776433 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573452046 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 427338275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65151115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 65151115 originConf 427338275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600078155 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514574367 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293836110 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649169701 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28305530 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757509755 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17272190 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991853943 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275891804 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781392044 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547482447 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770864750 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559747762 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587097752 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741969079 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72724921 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177360707 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472147805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533000218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1533000218 originConf 472147805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697227237 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734559212 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407039540 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293892436 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013017243 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737518589 that extends conf 1013017243 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538701294 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653744219 that extends conf 538701294 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1823084979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1336275900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1336275900 originConf 1823084979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442022811 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570888218 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515890773 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316806737 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176944311 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006985065 that extends conf 1176944311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26544526 that extends conf 1336275900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339945407 that extends conf 26544526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472147805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1712443791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1712443791 originConf 472147805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634090915 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944990788 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101602814 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319482367 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673511921 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785847918 that extends conf 673511921 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721111350 that extends conf 1712443791 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167230642 that extends conf 1721111350 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1823084979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274802118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 274802118 originConf 1823084979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459052077 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357190868 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843519355 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719878505 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079510524 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038365975 that extends conf 1079510524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739879711 that extends conf 274802118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607896946 that extends conf 1739879711 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 663857726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048111616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1048111616 originConf 663857726
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Save namespace failed for.*
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Save namespace failed for.*
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
