msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#runTestWithShortStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504807594 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847431070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 1847431070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296910502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505968231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 505968231 originConf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1965036946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1033880954 originConf 1965036946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542856295 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687399269 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821342630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 821342630 originConf 687399269
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057077925 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 308021294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074844820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1074844820 originConf 308021294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#runTestWithShortStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#runTestWithShortStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
