msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560465923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 668760567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439925336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 439925336 originConf 668760567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063786038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465152579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 465152579 originConf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 823758059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1574573264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1574573264 originConf 823758059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1944138464 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 998283025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 998283025 originConf 1944138464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653337757 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454440929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 454440929 originConf 653337757
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455177644 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[9]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[9]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[9]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
