msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCacheDirectives
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708153797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387620926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1387620926 originConf 708153797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753426788 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698747943 that extends conf 753426788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622613647 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484275564 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 143486875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 143486875 originConf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503144273 that extends conf 1970779713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 869290854 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 869290854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404834600 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656349395 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699265405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237144823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1237144823 originConf 1699265405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544628437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319426406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 319426406 originConf 544628437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 115397800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1995505717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800605369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1800605369 originConf 1995505717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154941313 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1154941313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042979183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1735330400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1735330400 originConf 2042979183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 54134077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475759966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 247795540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 247795540 originConf 1475759966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596144422 that extends conf 247795540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360767 that extends conf 1596144422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238467882 that extends conf 247795540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 435297131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2112135199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2112135199 originConf 435297131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641030345 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745903324 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCacheDirectives
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCacheDirectives
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
