msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 41417310 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 321247636 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1279001444 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2067292561 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1641492086 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 62057479 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 540298153 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1226544879 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 219135586 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 767946238 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1265428442 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 655921478 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1362191601, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2056491561, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 865119409, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1406516966, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1029248629, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 469680697, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1357624035, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 972662001, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1847324007, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1151853204, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1107812975 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1901873623 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 728350331 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1623533177 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1202198210 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 47458823 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1448413568 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 125896649 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 290642515 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1547445301 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1018557725, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1707137477, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 771094974, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1009728083, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1675236645, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1279241247, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1706214826, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1527289052, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 562084127, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 432652487, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1832452352 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2097559731 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 668164694 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 123226321 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 736725790 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1613381102 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1484829888 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1567356671 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 61880627 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 756557903 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 128538991, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1054988584, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1119617364, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1529088567, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 559361829, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1219272210, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1434857350, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1051062450, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 720145609, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 870307113, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 551762280 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1407018671 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2072740604 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 832808809 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 793139359 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 129982487 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 510517470 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 183847010 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1285658996 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1064204295 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2078085905, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 415877397, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 510581992, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1074704401, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1389440980, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2076064005, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1784197952, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 688244903, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1031391070, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 115364381, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 756113770 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 551093657 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 71260209 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 787853920 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1569724786 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1422809097 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1852590527 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1255769415 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2025364549 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 311343425 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1846452297, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 474449109, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1476142238, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2012511305, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 875526748, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1933357311, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1711278141, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1153353661, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 542581617, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1578765416, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testBlockTokenExpired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
