msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 6559830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795273218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 795273218 originConf 6559830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061226112 that extends conf 795273218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082865087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1801422599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 340789130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052127672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1052127672 originConf 340789130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692523793 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 1692523793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657069980 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 906347731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1073051173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1073051173 originConf 906347731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419280591 that extends conf 1073051173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353891891 that extends conf 419280591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1073051173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1395173825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777190206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 777190206 originConf 1395173825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1296654536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202907617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 933646237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 933646237 originConf 1202907617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538618049 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843149630 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658704411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1312348533 originConf 1658704411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1938259481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2017393480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2017393480 originConf 1938259481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 2017393480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476061571 that extends conf 2017393480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465839591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253027775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 253027775 originConf 465839591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 929482343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1044965465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1044965465 originConf 929482343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 1044965465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801142660 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048903970 that extends conf 1044965465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261052089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103234208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1103234208 originConf 261052089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521973283 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 839161014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 32206364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 32206364 originConf 839161014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998434604 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277164482 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164757726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1370597622 originConf 164757726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1419166053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1003737182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1003737182 originConf 1419166053
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185488647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 99295602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 99295602 originConf 185488647
msx-rc 0
