msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1730169857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1085115777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1085115777 originConf 1730169857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685812232 that extends conf 1085115777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 156176177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704499747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 704499747 originConf 156176177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244334520 that extends conf 704499747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160679690 that extends conf 244334520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560462215 that extends conf 704499747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 245612904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219762165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1219762165 originConf 245612904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771418475 that extends conf 1219762165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058928382 that extends conf 1771418475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102797558 that extends conf 1219762165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1342634596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 359798580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 359798580 originConf 1342634596
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248503897 that extends conf 359798580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208503226 that extends conf 1248503897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900564379 that extends conf 359798580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424194508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765648829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1765648829 originConf 1424194508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795276092 that extends conf 1765648829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854741013 that extends conf 795276092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364086342 that extends conf 1765648829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624015970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457140890
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 457140890 originConf 1624015970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432241736 that extends conf 457140890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221630998 that extends conf 1432241736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985777284 that extends conf 457140890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1764306224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 644000116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 644000116 originConf 1764306224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971240817 that extends conf 644000116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298930178 that extends conf 1971240817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931074804 that extends conf 644000116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1165764322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365152592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1365152592 originConf 1165764322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337788015 that extends conf 1365152592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1565592534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1294070609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1294070609 originConf 1565592534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210386321 that extends conf 1294070609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385004992 that extends conf 1210386321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492322342 that extends conf 1294070609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1789892019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 736048099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 736048099 originConf 1789892019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677430092 that extends conf 736048099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337429457 that extends conf 1677430092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190216998 that extends conf 736048099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1941490983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 388824749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 388824749 originConf 1941490983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573063318 that extends conf 388824749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828827255 that extends conf 573063318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157764403 that extends conf 388824749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 351752966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1413348575
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1413348575 originConf 351752966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003121324 that extends conf 1413348575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277880813 that extends conf 1003121324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563433007 that extends conf 1413348575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 852949027 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 331539536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 331539536 originConf 852949027
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373492448 that extends conf 331539536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520797328 that extends conf 373492448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256970362 that extends conf 331539536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 194456439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219211847
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 219211847 originConf 194456439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777957894 that extends conf 219211847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766286893 that extends conf 1777957894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135019807 that extends conf 219211847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommission#testDecommission
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
