msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095203437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877240674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1877240674 originConf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1226298219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944348744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 944348744 originConf 1226298219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765690649 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125865913 that extends conf 1765690649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272753974 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409596180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261838162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 261838162 originConf 409596180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753259207 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 5021240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1573125303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1573125303 originConf 5021240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707901480 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 1707901480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704535540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645208036
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 645208036 originConf 1704535540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841483227 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 841483227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677921169 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096343229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 893320639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 893320639 originConf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604602011 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 604602011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014824123 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 559559860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1165568071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1165568071 originConf 559559860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629759610 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425433685 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337545117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 337545117 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546886525 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445222369 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737796619 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
