msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDiskError#testShutdown
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983595261 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15892131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 15892131 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 633727380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1682619279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1682619279 originConf 633727380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906347731 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775120226 that extends conf 906347731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678115778 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1472036907 originConf 678115778
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518692141 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-rc 1
