msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684815871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544781802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1544781802 originConf 1684815871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514372030 that extends conf 1544781802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1024131194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1030265069
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1030265069 originConf 1024131194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308944897 that extends conf 1030265069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255397969 that extends conf 1308944897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665560338 that extends conf 1030265069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1948965571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1065890314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1065890314 originConf 1948965571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123958859 that extends conf 1065890314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766683343 that extends conf 1123958859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548863298 that extends conf 1065890314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 395437861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872344154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1872344154 originConf 395437861
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595957226 that extends conf 1872344154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713915927 that extends conf 1595957226 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278664192 that extends conf 1872344154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 372024853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599860880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1599860880 originConf 372024853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125051736 that extends conf 1599860880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1889408730 that extends conf 125051736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098752528 that extends conf 1599860880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1106402267 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 974026742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 974026742 originConf 1106402267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21058843 that extends conf 974026742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640530566 that extends conf 21058843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259698187 that extends conf 974026742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973140053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107233841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2107233841 originConf 973140053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083661606 that extends conf 2107233841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231577789 that extends conf 1083661606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274194996 that extends conf 2107233841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378519199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 386345397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 386345397 originConf 378519199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311961650 that extends conf 386345397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208254549 that extends conf 1311961650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418116914 that extends conf 386345397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094934083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2100595351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2100595351 originConf 1094934083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297549243 that extends conf 2100595351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569439761 that extends conf 297549243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267948790 that extends conf 2100595351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696893322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 595061935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 595061935 originConf 696893322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659547072 that extends conf 595061935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984157582 that extends conf 659547072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 306292314 that extends conf 595061935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095724956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1314678119
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1314678119 originConf 2095724956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384361702 that extends conf 1314678119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794905424 that extends conf 384361702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581731907 that extends conf 1314678119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1492814096 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1251750544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1251750544 originConf 1492814096
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265972154 that extends conf 1251750544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757536642 that extends conf 1265972154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42411420 that extends conf 1251750544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
