msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testChooseExcessReplicasToDelete
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1017792343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1960253514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1556061855 originConf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1090695601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2008229299 originConf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246264949 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830969563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1177101170 originConf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965036946 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28145535 that extends conf 1965036946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1630841930 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 167693809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653337757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 653337757 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564086167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499418021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1499418021 originConf 564086167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834562889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445222369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1445222369 originConf 834562889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986676021 that extends conf 1445222369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 1986676021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646234040 that extends conf 1445222369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408533352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794563378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 794563378 originConf 1408533352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001958076 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388436342 that extends conf 1001958076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356338363 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testChooseExcessReplicasToDelete
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testChooseExcessReplicasToDelete
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
