msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 213193302 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 220695851 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 220695851 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863953433 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1360215046 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1360215046 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512456259 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519979933 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976566939 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373537644 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251911850 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945833803 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079490671 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883699245 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769189355 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265733961 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955779244 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389207565 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617599207 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866596095 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574965884 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636179303 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674513779 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1019484860 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1019484860 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452364286 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382500069 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93271379 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904114742 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134202713 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1134202713 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1134202713 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1780293706 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1780293706 originConf 1780293706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347894695 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147266853 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684072299 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1058650291 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1058650291 originConf 1058650291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174881426 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509793834 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964724538 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601323964 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173060252 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302877661 that extends conf 173060252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720797452 that extends conf 173060252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853422837 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462828674 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175626467 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931126614 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601057552 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858238395 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602413435 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1019484860 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1649498695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1649498695 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398812622 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192693526 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170010941 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1780293706 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1590129041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1590129041 originConf 1780293706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355883038 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324766524 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491911867 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503614751 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1058650291 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1896708863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1896708863 originConf 1058650291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123674777 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153750989 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022778717 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809131451 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241758568 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896090607 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75906165 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13420813 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993023539 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009682505 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700735875 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod5
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod5
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod5
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
