msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1268790303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 396415186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 396415186 originConf 1268790303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858882690 that extends conf 396415186 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 229578544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831977914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1831977914 originConf 229578544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363581491 that extends conf 1831977914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984716142 that extends conf 1363581491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678666037 that extends conf 1831977914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 97497693 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1416762642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1416762642 originConf 97497693
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209053232 that extends conf 1416762642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129215711 that extends conf 209053232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68412389 that extends conf 1416762642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1763040560 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769795229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 769795229 originConf 1763040560
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510859308 that extends conf 769795229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771901410 that extends conf 510859308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1024512895 that extends conf 769795229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1558032589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941637449
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1941637449 originConf 1558032589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250700514 that extends conf 1941637449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260883132 that extends conf 250700514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510434001 that extends conf 1941637449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000709662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1070292820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1070292820 originConf 2000709662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256971601 that extends conf 1070292820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204186861 that extends conf 256971601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406494774 that extends conf 1070292820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2028571836 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913461042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 913461042 originConf 2028571836
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118706317 that extends conf 913461042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987772764 that extends conf 118706317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983940746 that extends conf 913461042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1409506639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255351588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1255351588 originConf 1409506639
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608200077 that extends conf 1255351588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787053838 that extends conf 1608200077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122873101 that extends conf 1255351588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1565774185 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068295969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2068295969 originConf 1565774185
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163735360 that extends conf 2068295969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492433709 that extends conf 1163735360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853379170 that extends conf 2068295969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1279042276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 323615258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 323615258 originConf 1279042276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053909032 that extends conf 323615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589520718 that extends conf 1053909032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63592115 that extends conf 323615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 759089882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1580481378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1580481378 originConf 759089882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783252647 that extends conf 1580481378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 853164244 that extends conf 783252647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661582531 that extends conf 1580481378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 760473223 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052893721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1052893721 originConf 760473223
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097106674 that extends conf 1052893721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839451560 that extends conf 2097106674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860958142 that extends conf 1052893721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
