msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1276544608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1276544608 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910896157 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044825144 that extends conf 1910896157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612693043 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1388849499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015261478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2015261478 originConf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981159997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205419533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1205419533 originConf 981159997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 923013679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202081661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 103118806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452015229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203048480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 203048480 originConf 452015229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 203048480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 429804587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 203048480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807207655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688310330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1688310330 originConf 1807207655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 1688310330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 143295000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937693946 that extends conf 1688310330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 346377974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1614079837
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1614079837 originConf 346377974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 1614079837 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811787796 that extends conf 1614079837 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828610686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137989065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1137989065 originConf 828610686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439361845 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565079667 that extends conf 1439361845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625939772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1870749311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1870749311 originConf 1625939772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108318195 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285754614 that extends conf 2108318195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
