msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 825936265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 460201727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 460201727 originConf 825936265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983595261 that extends conf 460201727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 351656492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 500885941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 500885941 originConf 351656492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659309731 that extends conf 500885941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 1659309731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 500885941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 616443292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2047744862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2047744862 originConf 616443292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1086323658 that extends conf 2047744862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 2047744862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 878598679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1590792382
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1590792382 originConf 878598679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 1590792382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 1590792382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 758465579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 36550900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 36550900 originConf 758465579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017792343 that extends conf 36550900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 36550900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970779713 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 280223635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 280223635 originConf 1970779713
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985487390 that extends conf 280223635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 985487390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 280223635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36627152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266093632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1266093632 originConf 36627152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 331748029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505968231 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1474072872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 972843820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 972843820 originConf 1474072872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 972843820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 972843820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1542856295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 460333119
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 460333119 originConf 1542856295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 460333119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907467420 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 460333119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 401891515 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1789282489
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1789282489 originConf 401891515
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1789282489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1544147328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1789282489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1251285265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346377974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 346377974 originConf 1251285265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 1060928475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485624601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1442342557 originConf 1485624601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538745405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 115939475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 115939475 originConf 1538745405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096194236 that extends conf 115939475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179060558 that extends conf 2096194236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724399560 that extends conf 115939475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 542839598 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 36707189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 36707189 originConf 542839598
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830231264 that extends conf 36707189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159694255 that extends conf 1830231264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582702662 that extends conf 36707189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123862502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481402298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 481402298 originConf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277601240 that extends conf 1653859230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305651902 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1775675341 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726519676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1726519676 originConf 1775675341
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311788384 that extends conf 1726519676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358169683 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263841085 that extends conf 1726519676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475024998 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552076111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1552076111 originConf 475024998
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295700833 that extends conf 1552076111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876881599 that extends conf 295700833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167692593 that extends conf 1552076111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2025066647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2096268257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 2096268257 originConf 2025066647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185639533 that extends conf 2096268257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643838324 that extends conf 185639533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954936400 that extends conf 2096268257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 418299920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850301256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1850301256 originConf 418299920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653774328 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910101408 that extends conf 653774328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289834245 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657697023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1454136448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1454136448 originConf 1657697023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461155951 that extends conf 1454136448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1099694603 that extends conf 461155951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987950392 that extends conf 1454136448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836386144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1488352537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1488352537 originConf 836386144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986238875 that extends conf 1488352537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346847161 that extends conf 986238875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952288009 that extends conf 1488352537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1712666248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 236858974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 236858974 originConf 1712666248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925936450 that extends conf 236858974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249547869 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110148152 that extends conf 236858974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1286134778 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995986600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1995986600 originConf 1286134778
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293667566 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084863094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 373973695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 373973695 originConf 2084863094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751753651 that extends conf 373973695 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1443335402 that extends conf 1751753651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279852178 that extends conf 373973695 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063332705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 753692748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 753692748 originConf 2063332705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684615718 that extends conf 753692748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075236033 that extends conf 1684615718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960514242 that extends conf 753692748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2102724832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518529528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1518529528 originConf 2102724832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031479068 that extends conf 1518529528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609116570 that extends conf 1031479068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369977147 that extends conf 1518529528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631621595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1462661081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1462661081 originConf 631621595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750563752 that extends conf 1462661081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048869869 that extends conf 1750563752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082684443 that extends conf 1462661081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1983706553 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 389519344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 389519344 originConf 1983706553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772270518 that extends conf 389519344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769986276 that extends conf 1772270518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312202589 that extends conf 389519344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836887461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457893088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 457893088 originConf 1836887461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001351478 that extends conf 457893088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127866590 that extends conf 1001351478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213683471 that extends conf 457893088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1815095837 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 679613617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 679613617 originConf 1815095837
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848900782 that extends conf 679613617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481206935 that extends conf 1848900782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118456878 that extends conf 679613617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 634210724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 320861946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 320861946 originConf 634210724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902654164 that extends conf 320861946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005762793 that extends conf 902654164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899609393 that extends conf 320861946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 138708980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440332016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 1440332016 originConf 138708980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494266287 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1452355939 that extends conf 494266287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443348849 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2091439256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1715602761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 1715602761 originConf 2091439256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988664928 that extends conf 1715602761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780172372 that extends conf 1988664928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226858597 that extends conf 1715602761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlockWithBusyNode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
