msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 808349993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951854288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 951854288 originConf 808349993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912059085 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261172363 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124036327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1431483230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1431483230 originConf 124036327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674089696 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825232744 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1155437910 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1966382056
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1966382056 originConf 1155437910
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360606945 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975612107 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769127528 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142671742 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45534177 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265733961 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955779244 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954547698 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374358323 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 545124573 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740615423 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840309760 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443112292 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053226749 that extends conf 1431483230 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713685825 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346990169 that extends conf 1966382056 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163584745 that extends conf 951854288 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1077082482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 339442322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 339442322 originConf 1077082482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948615676 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1025115543 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057178818 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71889576 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923333663 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350246399 that extends conf 1923333663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069909994 that extends conf 339442322 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698118720 that extends conf 1069909994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121936957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 143517392
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 143517392 originConf 121936957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068780446 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005078014 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691696375 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126324176 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223083746 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015758692 that extends conf 1223083746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804433605 that extends conf 143517392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894938886 that extends conf 804433605 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1077082482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 915076926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 915076926 originConf 1077082482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105999441 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547046192 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287991551 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874367787 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232312808 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934971230 that extends conf 1232312808 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331703380 that extends conf 915076926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296641883 that extends conf 331703380 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121936957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 490828840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 490828840 originConf 121936957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15607476 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956297565 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672613199 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353485996 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125834369 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43557472 that extends conf 125834369 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186596243 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177095849 that extends conf 186596243 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1219178580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868436631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1868436631 originConf 1219178580
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Finalize upgrade failed for .*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119571076 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496079645 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393550306 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Finalize upgrade failed for .*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119571076 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496079645 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393550306 that extends conf 490828840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
