msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1113895488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523649562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1523649562 originConf 1113895488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842331982 that extends conf 1523649562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662592920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491522744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1491522744 originConf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155757579 that extends conf 1491522744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696165690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1607869297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1607869297 originConf 696165690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021053848 that extends conf 1607869297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938199512 that extends conf 2021053848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191310504 that extends conf 1607869297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780399359 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalDeleteNonExisting
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
