msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperationsSsl
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125964210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038105753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2038105753 originConf 1125964210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941836856 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366803687 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033917063 that extends conf 366803687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924966548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1924966548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399149970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990684641
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 990684641 originConf 399149970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788034018 that extends conf 990684641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031775150 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 990684641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45643137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123674777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 123674777 originConf 45643137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921012072 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416097444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1393112209 originConf 1416097444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 1393112209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61814127 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476061571 that extends conf 1393112209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871580398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455064947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1455064947 originConf 1871580398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499825229 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634638280 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929482343 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1247127272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1589214445 originConf 1247127272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007138812 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739703515 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1802029863 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1386677799 originConf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209845522 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278753868 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1122118227 originConf 278753868
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706915627 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70555476 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924915581 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185502159 that extends conf 1033917063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperationsSsl
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperationsSsl
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
