msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188791662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 188791662 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681094402 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914740115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 700348233
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 700348233 originConf 1914740115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 700348233 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1553077867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704600661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1704600661 originConf 1553077867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78816013 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833592262 that extends conf 78816013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 65982709 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1939869193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1939869193 originConf 65982709
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 1939869193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832066800 that extends conf 973219190 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 1939869193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779479139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 739703515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 739703515 originConf 1779479139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 2141932519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989520513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006727288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1006727288 originConf 989520513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161118423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303846650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 303846650 originConf 161118423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 1859153769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179060558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659363322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659363322 originConf 179060558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415979460 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935520971 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 698676628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727018418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 727018418 originConf 698676628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479100519 that extends conf 727018418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605190078 that extends conf 727018418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1498621286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 305651902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 305651902 originConf 1498621286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183213894 that extends conf 305651902 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745465688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1155437763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1155437763 originConf 745465688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 1155437763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003305136 that extends conf 2092066079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1900307803 that extends conf 1155437763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196717412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133730108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1133730108 originConf 196717412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097989776 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844700236 that extends conf 2097989776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623862380 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033425208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 231191650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 231191650 originConf 1033425208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110296358 that extends conf 231191650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022130643 that extends conf 110296358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468192631 that extends conf 231191650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2112373743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1454136448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1454136448 originConf 2112373743
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894287849 that extends conf 1454136448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 986238875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 216644009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 216644009 originConf 986238875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349373781 that extends conf 216644009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203401172 that extends conf 1349373781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79620878 that extends conf 216644009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1929969663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 603401608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 603401608 originConf 1929969663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598977164 that extends conf 603401608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007149130 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287859212 that extends conf 603401608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885562991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 608108604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 608108604 originConf 1885562991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406851189 that extends conf 608108604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427226423 that extends conf 608108604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1126112943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491890454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1491890454 originConf 1126112943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046302571 that extends conf 1491890454 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028259121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557568981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 557568981 originConf 1028259121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195670735 that extends conf 557568981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960514242 that extends conf 1195670735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642577711 that extends conf 557568981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555055322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817662245
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1817662245 originConf 1555055322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089360295 that extends conf 1817662245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537524656 that extends conf 2089360295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80903581 that extends conf 1817662245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783882192 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 783882192
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910034407 that extends conf 1470295349 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593045830 that extends conf 1910034407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983706553 that extends conf 1470295349 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913450862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81722690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 81722690 originConf 913450862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755944228 that extends conf 81722690 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973174587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 48071225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 48071225 originConf 973174587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217479224 that extends conf 48071225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384752294 that extends conf 217479224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754592847 that extends conf 48071225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1051453514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041905665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1041905665 originConf 1051453514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345893819 that extends conf 1041905665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120043781 that extends conf 345893819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202653598 that extends conf 1041905665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041611526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1380593659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1380593659 originConf 1041611526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337039263 that extends conf 1380593659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831875736 that extends conf 337039263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337813415 that extends conf 1380593659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 423109432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1825923873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1825923873 originConf 423109432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825662118 that extends conf 1825923873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878454236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407241000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 407241000 originConf 1878454236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 963573938 that extends conf 407241000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159860059 that extends conf 963573938 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547994163 that extends conf 407241000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724886412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095710480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 2095710480 originConf 724886412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744032146 that extends conf 2095710480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17680342 that extends conf 1744032146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436949795 that extends conf 2095710480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240328647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605201451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 605201451 originConf 1240328647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537371824 that extends conf 605201451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840217399 that extends conf 1537371824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739653374 that extends conf 605201451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217389263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 987015126
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 987015126 originConf 217389263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070830098 that extends conf 987015126 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79092014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1385352906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 1385352906 originConf 79092014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634991000 that extends conf 1385352906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233309087 that extends conf 634991000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903195729 that extends conf 1385352906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1273689789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484397819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1484397819 originConf 1273689789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6688524 that extends conf 1484397819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254649194 that extends conf 6688524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520082748 that extends conf 1484397819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1108367077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2047770317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 2047770317 originConf 1108367077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215690645 that extends conf 2047770317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648217898 that extends conf 215690645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416878771 that extends conf 2047770317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1350894905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1378612814
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1378612814 originConf 1350894905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919592808 that extends conf 1378612814 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585189917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1268237485
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 1268237485 originConf 1585189917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1888952688 that extends conf 1268237485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387377349 that extends conf 1888952688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224219987 that extends conf 1268237485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003663195 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 797224183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 797224183 originConf 1003663195
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 496751834 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991075605 that extends conf 496751834 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214929887 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983834017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 976725249
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 976725249 originConf 983834017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691678663 that extends conf 976725249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058569241 that extends conf 1691678663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860118977 that extends conf 976725249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1820594585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1361931872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1361931872 originConf 1820594585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373682836 that extends conf 1361931872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859985937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203785427
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 203785427 originConf 859985937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669501311 that extends conf 203785427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114701475 that extends conf 669501311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768669591 that extends conf 203785427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1569371800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038185019
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 2038185019 originConf 1569371800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266554246 that extends conf 2038185019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923032392 that extends conf 266554246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074826904 that extends conf 2038185019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 400385823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 14838518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 14838518 originConf 400385823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717132147 that extends conf 14838518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492400048 that extends conf 717132147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674899618 that extends conf 14838518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1812995265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538721498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 538721498 originConf 1812995265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335157064 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683523720 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1579140143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.34 uniqueConf 1579140143 originConf 683523720
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086673744 that extends conf 1579140143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078834804 that extends conf 2086673744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282812721 that extends conf 1579140143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 923539816 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1742633625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.35 uniqueConf 1742633625 originConf 923539816
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674390738 that extends conf 1742633625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245124890 that extends conf 1674390738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904031493 that extends conf 1742633625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417203230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 787537286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.36 uniqueConf 787537286 originConf 1417203230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279556617 that extends conf 787537286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095701500 that extends conf 1279556617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366226635 that extends conf 787537286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679160862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1684580278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 1684580278 originConf 1679160862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078905349 that extends conf 1684580278 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1052658892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 64068997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.37 uniqueConf 64068997 originConf 1052658892
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476484694 that extends conf 64068997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917131986 that extends conf 1476484694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940783703 that extends conf 64068997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779615656 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250956357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.38 uniqueConf 1250956357 originConf 1779615656
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398088176 that extends conf 1250956357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603729058 that extends conf 398088176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 760604710 that extends conf 1250956357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 245703044 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1766451528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.39 uniqueConf 1766451528 originConf 245703044
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088246338 that extends conf 1766451528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.39's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202479419 that extends conf 2088246338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.39's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671536858 that extends conf 1766451528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.39's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
