msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testReconstructionWork
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1436076238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1521663099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1521663099 originConf 1436076238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810680306 that extends conf 1521663099 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1971200924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 222341947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 222341947 originConf 1971200924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851166045 that extends conf 222341947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700443169 that extends conf 1851166045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436075007 that extends conf 222341947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702771818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 674088405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 674088405 originConf 702771818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090255428 that extends conf 674088405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647428903 that extends conf 2090255428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763758050 that extends conf 674088405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821084647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298024970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1298024970 originConf 821084647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101405877 that extends conf 1298024970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681888550 that extends conf 1101405877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325814059 that extends conf 1298024970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785999632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1100114882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1100114882 originConf 1785999632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292044665 that extends conf 1100114882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149541397 that extends conf 292044665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921474071 that extends conf 1100114882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testReconstructionWork
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testReconstructionWork
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
