msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 601008104 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 601008104 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687940142 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665197552 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1622458036 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1622458036 originConf 1622458036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131184547 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988850650 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 149225732 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 149225732 originConf 149225732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945834881 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574749319 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432740637 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382517944 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242070107 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826097972 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594186359 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393137006 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167432774 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581117322 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865217701 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102110078 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579840534 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316763619 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896710654 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301365875 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079713934 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 3565780 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 3565780 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431556341 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187252437 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074552801 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444943322 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059300256 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521568953 that extends conf 1059300256 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1636178473 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 633131207 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 633131207 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907815246 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989947954 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762086604 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283043237 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175595853 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339345635 that extends conf 175595853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241938981 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168957945 that extends conf 1241938981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910504711 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709178206 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111194040 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1117365062 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399286444 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662135826 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428417630 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 845388562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 845388562 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2002097394 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003454771 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879727704 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775383627 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853422837 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91220956 that extends conf 1853422837 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999221400 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8197402 that extends conf 999221400 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 633131207 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1392570698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1392570698 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012552887 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36378193 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1297432445 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239013615 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838800272 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1973256691 that extends conf 838800272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015007762 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514955661 that extends conf 2015007762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604707878 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207662438 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067579818 that extends conf 845388562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 562685863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 562685863 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 562685863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655923408 that extends conf 562685863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305490873 that extends conf 562685863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963137641 that extends conf 562685863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183905155 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217089772 that extends conf 1183905155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933646237 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632841653 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725569985 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692225464 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060288153 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 633131207 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 843149630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 843149630 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681684228 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160723001 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804093254 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96453207 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877804870 that extends conf 96453207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095970915 that extends conf 843149630 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65551384 that extends conf 2095970915 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1073502961 is unique for registering as hdfs:DFSAdmin
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1073502961 originConf 1073502961
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
