msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213193302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502635287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1502635287 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364639279 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908043086 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762074108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 636782475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 636782475 originConf 762074108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896815497 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616555574 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826044325 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142409159 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048167672 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586412993 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9787436 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979539920 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361969657 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798163489 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408585941 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30254516 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703229004 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374788582 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597403048 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563729412 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827900542 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974055151 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829473438 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136278079 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795060791 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112121182 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345941015 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489452883 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1098568947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1098568947 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9031145 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106164745 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774589469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1774589469 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13831011 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008525377 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174748011 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807239968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 807239968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135575810 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116239170 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18590681 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611896907 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354807111 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097278809 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518024731 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117853294 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771464245 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testMsyncSimple
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testMsyncSimple
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testMsyncSimple
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
