msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testEcPolicyOnFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 25150972 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041908960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2041908960 originConf 25150972
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892915634 that extends conf 2041908960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1956496264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1143493961
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1143493961 originConf 1956496264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258712153 that extends conf 1143493961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382938094 that extends conf 258712153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349355162 that extends conf 1143493961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1460265223 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123355737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1123355737 originConf 1460265223
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800764971 that extends conf 1123355737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 636020384 that extends conf 800764971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062966667 that extends conf 1123355737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909905736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199071423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 199071423 originConf 909905736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374150419 that extends conf 199071423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955410761 that extends conf 374150419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587139365 that extends conf 199071423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 159408664 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248370116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1248370116 originConf 159408664
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291750664 that extends conf 1248370116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251052192 that extends conf 1291750664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832115838 that extends conf 1248370116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 746189604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255500507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255500507 originConf 746189604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139027658 that extends conf 1255500507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499293410 that extends conf 2139027658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479763073 that extends conf 1255500507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 610717492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2131756225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2131756225 originConf 610717492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023340075 that extends conf 2131756225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494023229 that extends conf 2023340075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302745127 that extends conf 2131756225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409653365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1322868773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1322868773 originConf 409653365
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910393329 that extends conf 1322868773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442881647 that extends conf 910393329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966892380 that extends conf 1322868773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 377012785 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1031064836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1031064836 originConf 377012785
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975139678 that extends conf 1031064836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108205085 that extends conf 975139678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651089073 that extends conf 1031064836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 616046017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 189369676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 189369676 originConf 616046017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702003538 that extends conf 189369676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245081152 that extends conf 1702003538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381926395 that extends conf 189369676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testEcPolicyOnFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testEcPolicyOnFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
