msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142302025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 892611887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 892611887 originConf 142302025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837946527 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515036017 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 430983166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293667566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 293667566 originConf 430983166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816302479 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208513211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568159144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1568159144 originConf 208513211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909786389 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 635068762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142450580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 2142450580 originConf 635068762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101740901 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525241607 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911857585 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756726852 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906128360 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207674775 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126194320 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021400332 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700102953 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940962444 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953934261 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704277187 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417634873 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104467957 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106588174 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76877387 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906905981 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116492516 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802652081 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8774460 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162106126 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
