msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testGetLocatedStripedBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052904201 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183874122
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 183874122 originConf 2052904201
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874546193 that extends conf 183874122 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 938081372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240401422
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240401422 originConf 938081372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 686668838 that extends conf 1240401422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653166561 that extends conf 686668838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465762184 that extends conf 1240401422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1916211404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2053444037
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2053444037 originConf 1916211404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383183227 that extends conf 2053444037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049674529 that extends conf 383183227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912034486 that extends conf 2053444037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094787403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 900540993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 900540993 originConf 1094787403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199848575 that extends conf 900540993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547810240 that extends conf 1199848575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508311632 that extends conf 900540993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 182844247 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894524583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1894524583 originConf 182844247
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227750161 that extends conf 1894524583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037551208 that extends conf 227750161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741391060 that extends conf 1894524583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042419126 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405726747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1405726747 originConf 1042419126
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490503205 that extends conf 1405726747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948132758 that extends conf 1490503205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458668052 that extends conf 1405726747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1292687686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710239667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1710239667 originConf 1292687686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876092302 that extends conf 1710239667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476639427 that extends conf 876092302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069729583 that extends conf 1710239667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1381444366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 296689969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 296689969 originConf 1381444366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580746148 that extends conf 296689969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693203588 that extends conf 1580746148 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528314116 that extends conf 296689969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 770214795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1141244957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1141244957 originConf 770214795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585993077 that extends conf 1141244957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909349345 that extends conf 1585993077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327344901 that extends conf 1141244957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2069742086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 819820345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 819820345 originConf 2069742086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324301010 that extends conf 819820345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29235716 that extends conf 324301010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1483626617 that extends conf 819820345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testGetLocatedStripedBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testGetLocatedStripedBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
