msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842943543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1445999733 originConf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414934182 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 182949133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 673367807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 673367807 originConf 182949133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735390128 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126664214 that extends conf 1735390128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410186665 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153443333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2084486251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2084486251 originConf 153443333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036704540 that extends conf 1653859230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809968973 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618696025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946884592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 946884592 originConf 618696025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438873841 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 438873841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095702106 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527247308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555895711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1555895711 originConf 527247308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294605731 that extends conf 1732513254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954936400 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269826537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42158278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 42158278 originConf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653774328 that extends conf 42158278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018270965 that extends conf 653774328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070740013 that extends conf 42158278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 924393200 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 18601987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 18601987 originConf 924393200
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48428832 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621939721 that extends conf 48428832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056499811 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910260820 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:46539: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:46539: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[10]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
