msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 409565350
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 409565350 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336775847 that extends conf 409565350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 1336775847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101598632 that extends conf 409565350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790387225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1790387225 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624788833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 1624788833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2078239671 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 369901249
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 369901249 originConf 2078239671
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681747431 that extends conf 369901249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 681747431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 369901249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111247080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653345773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 653345773 originConf 2111247080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 1353759820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1511180072 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622694817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1622694817 originConf 1511180072
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 22668134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544628437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319426406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 319426406 originConf 544628437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807872790 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 807872790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594195094 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514453513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1522119751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1522119751 originConf 514453513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847606512 that extends conf 1522119751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 847606512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379430898 that extends conf 1522119751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1592763413 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790229674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 790229674 originConf 1592763413
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 790229674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 790229674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2134157671 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 624693846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 624693846 originConf 2134157671
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475759966 that extends conf 624693846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 1475759966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081269248 that extends conf 624693846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 109065770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930900166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 930900166 originConf 109065770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121072891 that extends conf 930900166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546217718 that extends conf 1121072891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185164978 that extends conf 930900166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
