msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613514326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613514326 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146613458 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 2146613458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337545117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 337545117 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546886525 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445222369 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117249632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 182949133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 182949133 originConf 117249632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407428730 that extends conf 182949133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905804261 that extends conf 1407428730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075093711 that extends conf 182949133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 274426173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2021854618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2021854618 originConf 274426173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929476736 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420599919 that extends conf 1929476736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131301148 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1352913142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158460163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 158460163 originConf 1352913142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920632751 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041638599 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534662976 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173197870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827099978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 827099978 originConf 173197870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1927776715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 313149846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 313149846 originConf 1927776715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492947164 that extends conf 313149846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922871524 that extends conf 492947164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737085888 that extends conf 313149846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299885218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1591683105 originConf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:35435: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:35435: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
