msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1293252487 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1015799131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107404311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1723278948 originConf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 451959555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1340051218 originConf 451959555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604616170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586831282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 586831282 originConf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37400149 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 14633842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1053744929 originConf 14633842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761863997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533662221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1533662221 originConf 761863997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78265654 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148891937 that extends conf 78265654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99132505 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1174714624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220432328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 220432328 originConf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401737458 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787663215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1787663215 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939090016 that extends conf 1787663215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772964112 that extends conf 939090016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802710263 that extends conf 1787663215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery6
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
