msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testUpdatePipelineWithFailOver
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094199074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1710783020 originConf 1094199074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3392189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1628289406 originConf 3392189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 235151116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638249646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1638249646 originConf 235151116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1563634025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 997294994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 997294994 originConf 1563634025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627496281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1280443567 originConf 1627496281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944138464 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721576219 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604342290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2057077925 originConf 1604342290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 546446235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 23053378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 23053378 originConf 546446235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 23053378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1536728519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 23053378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 263940723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1698362756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1698362756 originConf 263940723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918118435 that extends conf 1698362756 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417718708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1764273321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1764273321 originConf 417718708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621314913 that extends conf 1764273321 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260908541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 818961182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 818961182 originConf 1260908541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812996016 that extends conf 818961182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187731739 that extends conf 812996016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240946380 that extends conf 818961182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testUpdatePipelineWithFailOver
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testUpdatePipelineWithFailOver
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
