msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 979550238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558395480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1558395480 originConf 979550238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325866488 that extends conf 1558395480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076202543 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61426020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905847077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 905847077 originConf 61426020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076966140 that extends conf 905847077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1076966140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862025017 that extends conf 905847077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060935276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254955665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 254955665 originConf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testGetDelegationTokensWithCredentials
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
