msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellation
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1708169732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658404420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 658404420 originConf 1708169732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871790326 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955611965 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367672657 that extends conf 955611965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021565761 that extends conf 955611965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692375649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237373286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 237373286 originConf 1692375649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746394140 that extends conf 237373286 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 237373286 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198098993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854653864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 854653864 originConf 198098993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042891691 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893563925 that extends conf 1042891691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251967187 that extends conf 1042891691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 747870628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 130166095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 130166095 originConf 747870628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907815246 that extends conf 130166095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 907815246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877986974 that extends conf 130166095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668871973 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487897280 that extends conf 1668871973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147204624 that extends conf 1668871973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692375649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1438140699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1438140699 originConf 1692375649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514457 that extends conf 1438140699 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17567717 that extends conf 1438140699 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676312170 that extends conf 17567717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989061208 that extends conf 17567717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793120521 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947507408 that extends conf 1793120521 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889016976 that extends conf 1793120521 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084689066 that extends conf 1438140699 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966984126 that extends conf 1084689066 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595468049 that extends conf 1084689066 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891401947 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517859999 that extends conf 891401947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473609791 that extends conf 891401947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24331122 that extends conf 1438140699 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719181810 that extends conf 24331122 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885636755 that extends conf 24331122 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257105234 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667038016 that extends conf 257105234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239851561 that extends conf 257105234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554554372 that extends conf 1438140699 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774199658 that extends conf 554554372 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687428430 that extends conf 554554372 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellation
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testCheckpointCancellation
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
