msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1510630904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 334069450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 334069450 originConf 1510630904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961887373 that extends conf 334069450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821175750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877766762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1877766762 originConf 821175750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533354296 that extends conf 1877766762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484043899 that extends conf 1533354296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755651188 that extends conf 1877766762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103118133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604128051
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 604128051 originConf 1103118133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920119298 that extends conf 604128051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964265743 that extends conf 1920119298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290591590 that extends conf 604128051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764172193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355261556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1355261556 originConf 764172193
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298496266 that extends conf 1355261556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237287484 that extends conf 1298496266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552690568 that extends conf 1355261556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354613574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086269904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1086269904 originConf 1354613574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425779794 that extends conf 1086269904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242841813 that extends conf 1425779794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319867369 that extends conf 1086269904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137242979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1171619067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1171619067 originConf 1137242979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972007284 that extends conf 1171619067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141029850 that extends conf 972007284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732176038 that extends conf 1171619067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1065097859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480822418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 480822418 originConf 1065097859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648717401 that extends conf 480822418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742077062 that extends conf 648717401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273412997 that extends conf 480822418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 975999902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2147263258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2147263258 originConf 975999902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 625169211 that extends conf 2147263258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416543051 that extends conf 625169211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285980978 that extends conf 2147263258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 641805743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 933378538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 933378538 originConf 641805743
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142727011 that extends conf 933378538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984884204 that extends conf 1142727011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117139791 that extends conf 933378538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060204969 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1474223424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1474223424 originConf 1060204969
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681013843 that extends conf 1474223424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195131754 that extends conf 681013843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664306885 that extends conf 1474223424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testReadFailToGetCurrentBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
