msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526062841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920446957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 920446957 originConf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791267914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1406004470 originConf 1791267914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1500697171 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 945064729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1875520143 originConf 945064729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638471954 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62451500 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4829394 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510627845 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747184496 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 718600777 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182763120 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115965157 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015917004 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73755414 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750475182 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690928147 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799517433 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159611293 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470108541 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67373929 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14248431 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
