msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417875774 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 501951555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 501951555 originConf 417875774
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 501951555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008612116 that extends conf 501951555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240412896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1296910502 originConf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996533593 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[6]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[6]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[6]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
