msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshotNoSnapshotName
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125964210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038105753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2038105753 originConf 1125964210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941836856 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366803687 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033917063 that extends conf 366803687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128266449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 1128266449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 1801422599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116184677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 116184677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482429406 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455064947 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1199833406 originConf 1455064947
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234857227 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251247808 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044965465 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1589214445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948650013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 948650013 originConf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048903970 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374432753 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386677799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62309924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 62309924 originConf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 1205321651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424226973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706915627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 706915627 originConf 424226973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953175805 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 1033917063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshotNoSnapshotName
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testCreateSnapshotNoSnapshotName
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
