msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1153353584 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060494872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1060494872 originConf 1153353584
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356861929 that extends conf 1060494872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317798741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 288989637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 288989637 originConf 317798741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513051433 that extends conf 288989637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325458579 that extends conf 513051433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880818382 that extends conf 288989637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 791234745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2047978246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2047978246 originConf 791234745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838644044 that extends conf 2047978246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645209699 that extends conf 1838644044 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172631950 that extends conf 2047978246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290719572 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 737773165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 737773165 originConf 1290719572
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870436323 that extends conf 737773165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878754706 that extends conf 870436323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671400565 that extends conf 737773165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417768390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 659230999
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 659230999 originConf 417768390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911984173 that extends conf 659230999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504789936 that extends conf 1911984173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039090824 that extends conf 659230999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 792029835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037248108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1037248108 originConf 792029835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 857612821 that extends conf 1037248108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085726420 that extends conf 857612821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925610905 that extends conf 1037248108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 325195511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1475950104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1475950104 originConf 325195511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404066979 that extends conf 1475950104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276331054 that extends conf 1404066979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827928072 that extends conf 1475950104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1349439214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310946919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 310946919 originConf 1349439214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407501742 that extends conf 310946919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15221696 that extends conf 1407501742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 25108392 that extends conf 310946919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1466104354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1051721623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1051721623 originConf 1466104354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874368068 that extends conf 1051721623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536211005 that extends conf 874368068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591445479 that extends conf 1051721623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538391095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 20241808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 20241808 originConf 1538391095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514706753 that extends conf 20241808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393754892 that extends conf 514706753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365056093 that extends conf 20241808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 530924954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1067852693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1067852693 originConf 530924954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262872430 that extends conf 1067852693 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1508247286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 304723876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 304723876 originConf 1508247286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081515180 that extends conf 304723876 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893596253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2103217560
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2103217560 originConf 1893596253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174338643 that extends conf 2103217560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561775069 that extends conf 174338643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355069803 that extends conf 2103217560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1040090691 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 369205441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 369205441 originConf 1040090691
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394612331 that extends conf 369205441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513967137 that extends conf 394612331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643654492 that extends conf 369205441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1988555692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 181472473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 181472473 originConf 1988555692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692536822 that extends conf 181472473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048735781 that extends conf 1692536822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622680840 that extends conf 181472473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824743956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790482933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 790482933 originConf 1824743956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356269471 that extends conf 790482933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46949129 that extends conf 1356269471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038805350 that extends conf 790482933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 26073124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371882246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1371882246 originConf 26073124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396271519 that extends conf 1371882246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146329459 that extends conf 396271519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398976821 that extends conf 1371882246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2136104841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1776782501
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1776782501 originConf 2136104841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 122319217 that extends conf 1776782501 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237595131 that extends conf 122319217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280802256 that extends conf 1776782501 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 461435701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1494105350
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1494105350 originConf 461435701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123806512 that extends conf 1494105350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677867916 that extends conf 2123806512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274735032 that extends conf 1494105350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428755411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2125851371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 2125851371 originConf 1428755411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780794664 that extends conf 2125851371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305283537 that extends conf 780794664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150676965 that extends conf 2125851371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864986349 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1665658037
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1665658037 originConf 1864986349
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423863141 that extends conf 1665658037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424011438 that extends conf 423863141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649426520 that extends conf 1665658037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
