msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDFS
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87242619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 87242619 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830863979 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 830863979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882116496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 94682872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 94682872 originConf 1882116496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238874235 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539088279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553879264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 553879264 originConf 1539088279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 492252770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1017792343 originConf 492252770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381930033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 564893839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 564893839 originConf 381930033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836621476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1386020581 originConf 836621476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183995527 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747702724 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679002380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1941598182 originConf 1679002380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 730583371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1998434604 originConf 730583371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659363322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1473143631 originConf 1659363322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646234040 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1875108260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2075093711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2075093711 originConf 1875108260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468033320 that extends conf 2075093711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624637962 that extends conf 468033320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139266166 that extends conf 2075093711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164733543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036704540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2036704540 originConf 164733543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246014273 that extends conf 2036704540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778801068 that extends conf 246014273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863103905 that extends conf 2036704540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1045397707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1333945918
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1333945918 originConf 1045397707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275150920 that extends conf 1333945918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155437763 that extends conf 275150920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169916747 that extends conf 1333945918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1876259196 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648303898
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 648303898 originConf 1876259196
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660915526 that extends conf 648303898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66231846 that extends conf 660915526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320357188 that extends conf 648303898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDFS
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDFS
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
