msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 1851522556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 516413619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1777043124 originConf 516413619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657069980 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919576980 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35068320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 915233792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 915233792 originConf 35068320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101721002 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514793058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514793058 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
