msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 211649273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1932244589 originConf 211649273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090289474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2000410491 originConf 2090289474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871678080 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774897456 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178259104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1832657711 originConf 178259104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235908203 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386020581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1257532915 originConf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524566446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 685219002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 685219002 originConf 524566446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102577332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1258103238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1258103238 originConf 102577332
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069350529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933799970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1933799970 originConf 1069350529
msx-rc 0
