msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testBlockGroupIdGeneration
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506938939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1506938939 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1415439780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658487789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112797307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 112797307 originConf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 560465923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 560465923 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486348917 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1068232840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1056185446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1028811481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1028811481 originConf 1056185446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980533504 that extends conf 1028811481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 980533504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1028811481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4181455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 4181455 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823758059 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365197105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814111376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 814111376 originConf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599556802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1612853208 originConf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060928475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773238925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 773238925 originConf 1060928475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298724898 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 298724898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1157199772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1075082007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1075082007 originConf 1157199772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956746660 that extends conf 1075082007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916958177 that extends conf 1956746660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 1075082007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testBlockGroupIdGeneration
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testBlockGroupIdGeneration
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
