msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821680551 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061281814 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662075679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730079213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 730079213 originConf 1662075679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225947517 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501042755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205732628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1205732628 originConf 501042755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429941015 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975222810 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332878439 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527945155 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252362003 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562060316 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525032019 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373430396 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017700588 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780073637 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568802988 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90569653 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611529703 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652142410 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871563205 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824412533 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632254532 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1571219784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265015078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1265015078 originConf 1571219784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866418320 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561037916 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358129373 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037148730 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916841642 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456868299 that extends conf 916841642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057238549 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500177005 that extends conf 1057238549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021226020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 674670709
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 674670709 originConf 2021226020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759317894 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523061374 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165368564 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976606322 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139848341 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827088732 that extends conf 2139848341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484863243 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108029444 that extends conf 484863243 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1571219784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 340916415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 340916415 originConf 1571219784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434925463 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215050753 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123914720 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394674249 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226325351 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138292827 that extends conf 1226325351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256890447 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292157382 that extends conf 1256890447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021226020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2014477306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2014477306 originConf 2021226020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062037617 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370588053 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278318754 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964410818 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686702875 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522999190 that extends conf 1686702875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46046105 that extends conf 2014477306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582266195 that extends conf 46046105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2043740584 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393151976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1393151976 originConf 2043740584
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Created metasave file dfs.meta in the log directory of namenode.*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832067485 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367709966 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877963527 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Created metasave file dfs.meta in the log directory of namenode.*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832067485 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367709966 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877963527 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
