msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1938025186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1938025186 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 1135935001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438151297 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1894144426 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028472807 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214313531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1392886653 originConf 214313531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388849499 that extends conf 1392886653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417554340 that extends conf 1392886653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045913001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 103118806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539038539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1769598893 originConf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727424614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1041326823 originConf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1865617081 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1337655323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1337655323 originConf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 215632153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533662221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1921553024
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1921553024 originConf 1533662221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495857386 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038988454 that extends conf 495857386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220432328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269458366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 269458366 originConf 220432328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541075662 that extends conf 526720216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810262298 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678962690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959834536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 959834536 originConf 678962690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659115590 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726715997 that extends conf 659115590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701724503 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030121719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142129482
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2142129482 originConf 2030121719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335914322 that extends conf 2142129482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082795132 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358420513 that extends conf 2142129482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1420623741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1414744767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1414744767 originConf 1420623741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840940155 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159917166 that extends conf 1840940155 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1075996552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074630954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1074630954 originConf 1075996552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486662053 that extends conf 1074630954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511004956 that extends conf 486662053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 1074630954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1052399527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10885570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 10885570 originConf 1052399527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031775150 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147394515 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755759908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 397309480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 397309480 originConf 755759908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412564235 that extends conf 397309480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747721875 that extends conf 1412564235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827212229 that extends conf 397309480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1243350866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 642538759
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 642538759 originConf 1243350866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 642538759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 391827378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199150625 that extends conf 642538759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
