msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestSeveralNameNodes#testCircularLinkedListWrites
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2044215423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1349182676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1349182676 originConf 2044215423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003463579 that extends conf 1349182676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475394679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1049590050 originConf 475394679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863100050 that extends conf 1049590050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 771923297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079125839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1079125839 originConf 771923297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1079125839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629353699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878991463
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 878991463 originConf 1629353699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749443480 that extends conf 878991463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021053848 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572127577 that extends conf 878991463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295055909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1533672820 originConf 295055909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809129176 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestSeveralNameNodes#testCircularLinkedListWrites
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestSeveralNameNodes#testCircularLinkedListWrites
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
