msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1317133645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265640525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1265640525 originConf 1317133645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604036197 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773035856 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286759962 that extends conf 1773035856 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 227049708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60074887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 60074887 originConf 227049708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285457292 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581468567 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521538574 that extends conf 1581468567 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419469870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1991263347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1991263347 originConf 419469870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512430288 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 970820463 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268685339 that extends conf 970820463 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045110420 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837067620 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384789665 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861989962 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733984290 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293655831 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757129195 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371850232 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809923285 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188817681 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267427394 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280749783 that extends conf 1265640525 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162645315 that extends conf 1991263347 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553365716 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1193609924 that extends conf 60074887 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 606698632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 867227218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 867227218 originConf 606698632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574135805 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661823207 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637374974 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383817428 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758314787 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485510711 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041438069 that extends conf 1485510711 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194628620 that extends conf 867227218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358278632 that extends conf 1194628620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 486800344 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250760223
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1250760223 originConf 486800344
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925329103 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340592125 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409818548 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246838534 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074019316 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641339129 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734261930 that extends conf 641339129 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907233201 that extends conf 1250760223 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906713818 that extends conf 1907233201 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 606698632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821887592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 821887592 originConf 606698632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140708561 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640408513 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985292546 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269565044 that extends conf 985292546 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137254046 that extends conf 821887592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348947409 that extends conf 2137254046 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 486800344 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 556151649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 556151649 originConf 486800344
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275275076 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972924479 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799163836 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629014921 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288165281 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110360514 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274907163 that extends conf 2110360514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334851503 that extends conf 556151649 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43569707 that extends conf 334851503 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 572839311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453004785
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1453004785 originConf 572839311
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Refresh service acl successful for.*
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Refresh service acl successful for.*
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
