msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testReadFileInEncryptionZone
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532800776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559998250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 559998250 originConf 1532800776
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147394515 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1155399955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1634411546
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1634411546 originConf 1155399955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66231846 that extends conf 1634411546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741191984 that extends conf 1634411546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2098041249 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538721498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 538721498 originConf 2098041249
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042971662 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326230282 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266843824 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058661465 that extends conf 266843824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1988062951 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839259983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 839259983 originConf 1988062951
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083759991 that extends conf 839259983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437098149 that extends conf 1083759991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680466239 that extends conf 839259983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1849602253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704979234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1704979234 originConf 1849602253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824177287 that extends conf 1704979234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709091500 that extends conf 1704979234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584694804 that extends conf 1704979234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879706537 that extends conf 584694804 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532644077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 877785117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 877785117 originConf 1532644077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41029700 that extends conf 877785117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814300680 that extends conf 41029700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137945509 that extends conf 877785117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2062888647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 314622131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 314622131 originConf 2062888647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573719263 that extends conf 314622131 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900824070 that extends conf 314622131 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163157114 that extends conf 314622131 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167146668 that extends conf 1163157114 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1756587746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 160549854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 160549854 originConf 1756587746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379776337 that extends conf 160549854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014777783 that extends conf 379776337 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167068004 that extends conf 160549854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2066066225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759368213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1759368213 originConf 2066066225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463835093 that extends conf 1759368213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993836574 that extends conf 1759368213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252204540 that extends conf 1759368213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034610694 that extends conf 1252204540 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 201484047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090953436
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2090953436 originConf 201484047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078031260 that extends conf 2090953436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381341801 that extends conf 1078031260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266759621 that extends conf 2090953436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821867471 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933554786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1933554786 originConf 1821867471
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413177525 that extends conf 1933554786 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779166731 that extends conf 1933554786 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600661314 that extends conf 1933554786 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725931728 that extends conf 600661314 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2075981552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445534206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1445534206 originConf 2075981552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924177924 that extends conf 1445534206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241878008 that extends conf 1924177924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733142395 that extends conf 1445534206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1734902032 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197430386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1197430386 originConf 1734902032
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7064297 that extends conf 1197430386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270261532 that extends conf 1197430386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244428576 that extends conf 1197430386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646375227 that extends conf 244428576 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050525584 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 757660418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 757660418 originConf 2050525584
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030931933 that extends conf 757660418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177267393 that extends conf 2030931933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134604590 that extends conf 757660418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 802814772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 540315736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 540315736 originConf 802814772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962049725 that extends conf 540315736 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662312252 that extends conf 540315736 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468393491 that extends conf 540315736 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280541440 that extends conf 1468393491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7162498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 728740247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 728740247 originConf 7162498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556773329 that extends conf 728740247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1483522397 that extends conf 556773329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100817420 that extends conf 728740247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testReadFileInEncryptionZone
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testReadFileInEncryptionZone
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
