msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testTwoActiveNNs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020994974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366238172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1366238172 originConf 2020994974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232733908 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313281354 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1353433304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2130394317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2130394317 originConf 1353433304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516737305 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721701854 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746536421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1983241949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1983241949 originConf 1746536421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108779642 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38365992 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696584126 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692596486 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4967351 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88436369 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302720164 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477209527 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326558878 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040043111 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193489824 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84706258 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558563541 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320808194 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1138775175 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029786524 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879338953 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319138141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114361361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1114361361 originConf 1319138141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723183054 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593581395 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379638773 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150787849 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57948640 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642430400 that extends conf 57948640 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848417894 that extends conf 1114361361 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490455766 that extends conf 1848417894 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010286556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427763055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 427763055 originConf 2010286556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446033686 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526973116 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616691452 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563917233 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980236511 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899421141 that extends conf 980236511 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090237551 that extends conf 427763055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703154352 that extends conf 1090237551 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319138141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 429620675
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 429620675 originConf 1319138141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600059483 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238019861 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047001598 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356037389 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917935075 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244934421 that extends conf 917935075 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316358579 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936964162 that extends conf 316358579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010286556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1888959669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1888959669 originConf 2010286556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033712383 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665207368 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598997232 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811081657 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865332909 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777763086 that extends conf 1865332909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565088453 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498780339 that extends conf 1565088453 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435921070 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605249398 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184905781 that extends conf 429620675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473395431 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809613814 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1228122300 that extends conf 1888959669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testTwoActiveNNs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testTwoActiveNNs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
