msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAppend
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 209360730 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673916398 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107579932 that extends conf 1673916398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754072705 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354280589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489831627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 140428850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 140428850 originConf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402207819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355766307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1355766307 originConf 402207819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 512238546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914615775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312843412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1312843412 originConf 1914615775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800605369 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2135790485 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904609259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1904609259 originConf 2135790485
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438000681 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 148891937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1038988454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1038988454 originConf 148891937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200744172 that extends conf 1038988454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 200744172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235162442 that extends conf 1038988454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125098735 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485047320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 485047320 originConf 1125098735
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738111983 that extends conf 485047320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 738111983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450438867 that extends conf 485047320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAppend
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAppend
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
