msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1314228008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1771687225 originConf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698498109 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665308978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1622863652 originConf 1665308978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1402333753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214768579 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832066800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 832066800 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516934601 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604602011 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239132915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2041263297 originConf 1239132915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99695585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989520513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 989520513 originConf 99695585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697145861 that extends conf 989520513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425433685 that extends conf 989520513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269339945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369977147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1790598448 originConf 1369977147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99295602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145882513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1145882513 originConf 99295602
msx-rc 0
