msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773336805 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622863652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 168468389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125865913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1827212229 originConf 125865913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922992444 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500697171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554118033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554118033 originConf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234857227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1598047636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1598047636 originConf 234857227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634638280 that extends conf 666312528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286580650 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955587357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449987177 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379115456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1949672824 originConf 379115456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 1231036290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989520513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1550080835
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1550080835 originConf 989520513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060037930 that extends conf 1550080835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 2060037930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497538476 that extends conf 1550080835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 386201215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1471019696 originConf 386201215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220747354 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048444228 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113367449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337029130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 337029130 originConf 2113367449
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 390374517 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1783146483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1783146483 originConf 390374517
msx-rc 0
