msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2135449562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068897588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2068897588 originConf 2135449562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402695541 that extends conf 2068897588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1045985568 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 619985571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 619985571 originConf 1045985568
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 619985571 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1490985125 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1009326765 originConf 1490985125
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54176060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275754769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 275754769 originConf 54176060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1107772887 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173259631 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761863997 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688851596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1709882027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1709882027 originConf 1688851596
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347294617 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732688777 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201614274 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1601702534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1332208607 originConf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816302479 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909516251 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 532297836 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73351708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 73351708 originConf 532297836
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909786389 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390034407 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 60221145 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366741625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 1366741625 originConf 60221145
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101740901 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373973695 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16556935 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684615718 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142402835 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817662245 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701550536 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320477335 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554335571 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208795199 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829589392 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790946414 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439173733 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520182114 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390416223 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164730271 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978995739 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387176907 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576666763 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273932206 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000130906 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423710077 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
