msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testComplexFailoverIntoSafemode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725008249 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762384154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 762384154 originConf 1725008249
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277933280 that extends conf 762384154 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375074687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 662666707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 662666707 originConf 375074687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070194629 that extends conf 662666707 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61426020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007660652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1007660652 originConf 61426020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541046463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4073506 that extends conf 1541046463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878991463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015799131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1657125852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1657125852 originConf 1015799131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866273692 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375074687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2040623756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2040623756 originConf 375074687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645208036 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testComplexFailoverIntoSafemode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testComplexFailoverIntoSafemode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
