msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962171689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1876429144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1876429144 originConf 962171689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74859811 that extends conf 1876429144 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1071271152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677012749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677012749 originConf 1071271152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023633500 that extends conf 1677012749 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123460709 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1050599888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1050599888 originConf 123460709
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357950408 that extends conf 1050599888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1972661318 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604309123
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1604309123 originConf 1972661318
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59404575 that extends conf 1604309123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845450502 that extends conf 59404575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076851590 that extends conf 1604309123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 277177017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595197956
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1595197956 originConf 277177017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126931365 that extends conf 1595197956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144602522 that extends conf 2126931365 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999665551 that extends conf 1595197956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523508795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078565695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078565695 originConf 1523508795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971413794 that extends conf 2078565695 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652272415 that extends conf 1971413794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334808868 that extends conf 2078565695 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
