msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testDefault
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1613255205 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1613255205 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720339 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477533894 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 541285440 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 541285440 originConf 541285440
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552937500 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1667305539 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1667305539 originConf 1667305539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611373863 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919446210 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525137721 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844165847 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965327981 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262280111 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31624943 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071095996 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482564351 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278001850 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068174218 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45279570 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742862530 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321087342 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081722569 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 139100706 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672858229 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 67730604 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 67730604 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074552801 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444943322 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799070177 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871051076 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681827309 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747384350 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684230144 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381240409 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124750187 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280735451 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371460421 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487013920 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290108368 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 67730604 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1340086277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1340086277 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142129482 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532074675 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328192523 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428417630 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076829355 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418245573 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112075608 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 1112075608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1414744767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1414744767 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178393154 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884067222 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649813854 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438520235 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559998250 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703627308 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979420182 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 979420182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 35864696 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 35864696 originConf 35864696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692523793 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538849250 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1366212088 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.5 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664165134 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913017282 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1147394515 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.6 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833335943 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746848133 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013334350 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794690624 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133340295 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139081246 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440867166 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582524941 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580791155 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707160522 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316494114 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153750989 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471510281 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133034648 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849206818 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627343765 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 456314134 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 456314134 originConf 456314134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500588149 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322751778 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221652628 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424108435 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756637412 that extends conf 381930033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 761973299 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 761973299 originConf 761973299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315113212 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322694705 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283578673 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120072844 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248996703 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529914624 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1443457010 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94663682 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444609828 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160263483 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 456314134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.5, let clone and return new conf 392403246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 392403246 originConf 456314134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 982634822 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333125323 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076821073 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643461531 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995531141 that extends conf 1438178266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 973219190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 761973299 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.6, let clone and return new conf 836621476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 836621476 originConf 761973299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716596358 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174821052 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161045352 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840194359 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1840194359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621486957 that extends conf 836621476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040435509 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809706549 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711653610 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 761973299 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.6, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 761973299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130610790 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527932169 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829168979 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 456314134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.5, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 456314134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916720513 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910609190 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276145549 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181921176 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 860941277 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746458880 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345986913 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732118572 that extends conf 345986913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100291266 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308325081 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 228214055 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testDefault
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testDefault
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
