msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059634518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1059634518 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50720817 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 50720817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572745406 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203409950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 203409950 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710220387 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 693345846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 693345846 originConf 710220387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876962272 that extends conf 693345846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017792343 that extends conf 693345846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7548983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742672280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 742672280 originConf 7548983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424439581 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822630059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814377348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996533593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 996533593 originConf 814377348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 451959555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1340051218 originConf 451959555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 939475028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918899286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 918899286 originConf 939475028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530410619 that extends conf 918899286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 918899286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1691629865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467401150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 467401150 originConf 1691629865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622263400 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495857386 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828610686 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 565079667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 296234255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 296234255 originConf 565079667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515116175 that extends conf 296234255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215478702 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435803541 that extends conf 296234255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871312485 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1596653154 originConf 1871312485
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120670624 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
