msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testUnsuitableStoragePoliciesWithECStripedMode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909322499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1170176990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1170176990 originConf 909322499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583968246 that extends conf 1170176990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 362439108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101499623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 101499623 originConf 362439108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166046573 that extends conf 101499623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602015741 that extends conf 1166046573 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819983131 that extends conf 101499623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797595992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312941853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 312941853 originConf 1797595992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83835533 that extends conf 312941853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504807358 that extends conf 83835533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949096739 that extends conf 312941853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855071425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037993646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2037993646 originConf 1855071425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631275921 that extends conf 2037993646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215972399 that extends conf 631275921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150330775 that extends conf 2037993646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 743043693 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495262077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1495262077 originConf 743043693
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589616856 that extends conf 1495262077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093440257 that extends conf 589616856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 921269302 that extends conf 1495262077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 580346768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996620333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1996620333 originConf 580346768
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884367191 that extends conf 1996620333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393613866 that extends conf 884367191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031692756 that extends conf 1996620333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1031792558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 265290692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 265290692 originConf 1031792558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127643784 that extends conf 265290692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338277639 that extends conf 1127643784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827264928 that extends conf 265290692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 647052794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1794267699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1794267699 originConf 647052794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653033174 that extends conf 1794267699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2105646950 that extends conf 1653033174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919881382 that extends conf 1794267699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842469005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254937388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 254937388 originConf 1842469005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779507782 that extends conf 254937388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384597599 that extends conf 779507782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466612476 that extends conf 254937388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 895810307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1353146132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1353146132 originConf 895810307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083834336 that extends conf 1353146132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337660262 that extends conf 2083834336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119600686 that extends conf 1353146132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1805052767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 192292704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 192292704 originConf 1805052767
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810363125 that extends conf 192292704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936151476 that extends conf 1810363125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447785208 that extends conf 192292704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testUnsuitableStoragePoliciesWithECStripedMode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStripedINodeFile#testUnsuitableStoragePoliciesWithECStripedMode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
