msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1019348343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1019348343 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492219097 that extends conf 1019348343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091736037 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 1019348343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1968298538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1675239551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1675239551 originConf 1968298538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084920982 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 2084920982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256350655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066582857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1066582857 originConf 1256350655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360332263 that extends conf 1066582857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1066582857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253767021 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 32737623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 32737623 originConf 253767021
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473143631 that extends conf 32737623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602288195 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471633238 that extends conf 32737623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665846007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860941277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 860941277 originConf 665846007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993452032 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247575268 that extends conf 993452032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592088871 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455726379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 311788384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 311788384 originConf 455726379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248334686 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421163163 that extends conf 1248334686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573800 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299661385 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876881599
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 876881599 originConf 1299661385
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497983329 that extends conf 876881599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181372317 that extends conf 1497983329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839182545 that extends conf 876881599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 110296358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645015141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 645015141 originConf 110296358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827843776 that extends conf 645015141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694329275 that extends conf 827843776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082673402 that extends conf 645015141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1196404281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883788127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1883788127 originConf 1196404281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1362435880 that extends conf 1883788127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874981105 that extends conf 1362435880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267110705 that extends conf 1883788127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862062296 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:45167: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:45167: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
