msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testSnapshotMethods
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658487789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112797307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 112797307 originConf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417554340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1485485458 originConf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683718244 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507061061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1370495328 originConf 507061061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 980533504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 980533504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814908102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930317866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 930317866 originConf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405055124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795590320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 795590320 originConf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861522296 that extends conf 468776694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2107706203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1112940474 originConf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testSnapshotMethods
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testSnapshotMethods
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
