msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836969741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 836969741 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 1496220730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605705199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 605705199 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1723278948 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195970976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 195970976 originConf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8996952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861522296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 861522296 originConf 8996952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1747371038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 68217166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 68217166 originConf 1747371038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897221921 that extends conf 68217166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134157671 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374646930 that extends conf 68217166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988179589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 988179589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977522995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745903324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1745903324 originConf 977522995
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396851684 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991094835 that extends conf 1396851684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967531000 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
