msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 246264949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623131585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 623131585 originConf 246264949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 309060377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917935693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 917935693 originConf 309060377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305552520 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 348148678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1944138464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1944138464 originConf 348148678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594195094 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604616170 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[8]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[8]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[8]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
