msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 668760567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439925336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 439925336 originConf 668760567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370224403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2063786038 originConf 1370224403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 234223040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816397102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917935693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 917935693 originConf 1816397102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814908102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930317866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 930317866 originConf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405055124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795590320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 795590320 originConf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861522296 that extends conf 468776694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
