msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259551809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163228011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1163228011 originConf 259551809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835276171 that extends conf 1163228011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385526435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624106064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1624106064 originConf 1385526435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847884929 that extends conf 1624106064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477037575 that extends conf 847884929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882808837 that extends conf 1624106064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124333222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348825799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1348825799 originConf 124333222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281542979 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666941955 that extends conf 1281542979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687230766 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 952263026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 422213756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 422213756 originConf 952263026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947504096 that extends conf 422213756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155218907 that extends conf 1947504096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419286501 that extends conf 422213756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 15862042 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033565618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1033565618 originConf 15862042
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974923973 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716229253 that extends conf 974923973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113768048 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1736159857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076434115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1076434115 originConf 1736159857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216538614 that extends conf 1076434115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922842737 that extends conf 1216538614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699878010 that extends conf 1076434115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2046787853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 48664791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 48664791 originConf 2046787853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760773017 that extends conf 48664791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217579618 that extends conf 1760773017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775030742 that extends conf 48664791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762797378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803616952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1803616952 originConf 762797378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1990847857 that extends conf 1803616952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504493115 that extends conf 1990847857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920341219 that extends conf 1803616952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2097848211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 211817440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 211817440 originConf 2097848211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679193789 that extends conf 211817440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869205498 that extends conf 1679193789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525417549 that extends conf 211817440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544829276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1916267954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1916267954 originConf 544829276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92784775 that extends conf 1916267954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133338211 that extends conf 92784775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633426751 that extends conf 1916267954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507245701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329484094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 329484094 originConf 507245701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361900597 that extends conf 329484094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963544414 that extends conf 361900597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2039447778 that extends conf 329484094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816996664 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 886170000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 886170000 originConf 1816996664
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137537898 that extends conf 886170000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146577031 that extends conf 2137537898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928745372 that extends conf 886170000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
