msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testAllocateBlockAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643346268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945941118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 945941118 originConf 1643346268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361316729 that extends conf 945941118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1525406171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 473349724
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 473349724 originConf 1525406171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063717558 that extends conf 473349724 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415793871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242435558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1242435558 originConf 1415793871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580008918 that extends conf 1242435558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1592200103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354317656
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1354317656 originConf 1592200103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574088482 that extends conf 1354317656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655832136 that extends conf 574088482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87279392 that extends conf 1354317656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 835136041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2093100365
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2093100365 originConf 835136041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635533354 that extends conf 2093100365 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320548161 that extends conf 635533354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339459514 that extends conf 2093100365 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 150511521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 848164437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 848164437 originConf 150511521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534921040 that extends conf 848164437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387875740 that extends conf 1534921040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292278359 that extends conf 848164437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643346268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745616383
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 745616383 originConf 1643346268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559335516 that extends conf 745616383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testAllocateBlockAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testAllocateBlockAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
