msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615056168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213193302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 951741667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220695851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 220695851 originConf 951741667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863953433 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360215046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1260467793 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364497552 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519979933 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364454767 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040817488 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330890784 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765712148 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029539558 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17272190 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100600040 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935942941 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137607734 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84441417 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349531538 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529189335 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039541888 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866596095 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636179303 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164365897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 872522004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 872522004 originConf 1164365897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677438303 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835991083 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585809003 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 872522004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926027290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1690050988 originConf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433438808 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647129456 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223358456 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697460450 that extends conf 1240843015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416706187 that extends conf 1240843015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726616678 that extends conf 1240843015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23076423 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006624255 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721180011 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349025531 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367068823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1251788491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1251788491 originConf 1367068823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016038911 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491470505 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351101168 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788000657 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121678773 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1443675930 that extends conf 121678773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609086753 that extends conf 121678773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427775702 that extends conf 121678773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468343491 that extends conf 1251788491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690481990 that extends conf 1468343491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114537280 that extends conf 1468343491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047984839 that extends conf 1468343491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 80499834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095947149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1095947149 originConf 80499834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24097622 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325475084 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1173234574 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369638053 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458998685 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700421020 that extends conf 458998685 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345290829 that extends conf 458998685 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883678948 that extends conf 458998685 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906947271 that extends conf 1095947149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177072083 that extends conf 1906947271 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010070923 that extends conf 1906947271 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502891368 that extends conf 1906947271 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164365897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1164365897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664165134 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75906165 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821737873 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843515070 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123674777 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471004142 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833335943 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555793073 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46627301 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926027290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1360878852 originConf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135112230 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351147677 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001080245 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494414526 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367068823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 1367068823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283578673 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093677705 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276639603 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 80499834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457148583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1457148583 originConf 80499834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660861609 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467841373 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940986858 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593662074 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109211321 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 867499180 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 973219190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044965465 that extends conf 973219190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 973219190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531244348 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820079157 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989204723 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584157293 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113273959 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123947182 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645251835 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185306097 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFallBehind
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFallBehind
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFallBehind
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
