msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466319810 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 316355462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 316355462 originConf 466319810
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1601702534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1332208607 originConf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816302479 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909516251 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 532297836 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73351708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 73351708 originConf 532297836
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909786389 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390034407 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 60221145 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366741625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 1366741625 originConf 60221145
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101740901 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373973695 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16556935 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684615718 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142402835 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817662245 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475033580 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745964988 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622455350 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656535439 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887943480 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133154455 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078288295 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404697325 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451175436 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903877645 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735766527 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370999514 that extends conf 73351708 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289622238 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818495075 that extends conf 1332208607 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685481948 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865395996 that extends conf 1366741625 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
