msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009904424 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164151637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164151637 originConf 1009904424
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168693427 that extends conf 1164151637 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 496772149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1838751745
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1838751745 originConf 496772149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618908582 that extends conf 1838751745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964572645 that extends conf 1618908582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390880180 that extends conf 1838751745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299690689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1422518005
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1422518005 originConf 1299690689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602121583 that extends conf 1422518005 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901646923 that extends conf 1602121583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709777751 that extends conf 1422518005 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 563493733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881959344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1881959344 originConf 563493733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726284193 that extends conf 1881959344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052509886 that extends conf 1726284193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133243541 that extends conf 1881959344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 872988167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821491342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 821491342 originConf 872988167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550404538 that extends conf 821491342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416570981 that extends conf 550404538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400176522 that extends conf 821491342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1853672759 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1735775274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1735775274 originConf 1853672759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823755003 that extends conf 1735775274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137555137 that extends conf 823755003 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574320663 that extends conf 1735775274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 853270336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1444308954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1444308954 originConf 853270336
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 853270336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896960730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1896960730 originConf 853270336
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
