msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1846412426 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 319977154 for NameNode
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1217467887 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 702999333 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 677317086 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1392886653 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 622820646, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 537265886, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 830863979, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1244880808, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 271422148 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1651689839 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 356691811 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1289563251 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 369351727, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1445758842, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1638471954, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1273895132, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 425107133 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1809995046 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 950125603 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1466717494 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2121645869, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1579584742, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1970528559, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 27053221, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 153443333 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1863103905 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 351520508 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1241897134 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 891175246, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 339186291, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1866403758, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1775675341, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 184642382 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 560041895 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2086767061 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1350269431 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 892611887, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2056499811, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1591683105, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 49299717, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1332208607 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1842881670 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 589610983 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1193710204 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 187019413, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1191863711, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1140202235, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1716411886, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1933799970 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1063423209 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1611966906 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1579823168 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 244229783, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 934640468, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 951000054, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1310167355, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 596376940 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1437107223 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1619773688 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 991875403 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1858583776, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 848961421, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1019157412, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1408043496, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1595354442 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 732277370 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1257703748 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2028088629 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 690051320, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2083969860, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 62182667, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1397516135, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 623446986 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1539477312 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 27971761 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 87784678 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 319144230, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1301653294, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 213383793, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 783172425, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 708222484 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 472262461 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 100048427 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2089054322 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1575407418, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1820594585, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1691678663, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 645777794, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameFileAndDeleteSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
