msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2619171 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2619171 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813187653 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42544488 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1845517769 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1845517769 originConf 1845517769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321203216 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 157168588 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 157168588 originConf 157168588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108297149 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094674892 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844165847 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965327981 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33853603 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198955768 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275891804 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781392044 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515677119 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158688990 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563599176 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925523609 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702812683 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502004514 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807302356 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230581712 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 122031776 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 3565780 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 3565780 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190715450 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103973949 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352023374 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122294769 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792550442 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338333215 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2129844134 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2129844134 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042588347 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861988156 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624696890 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692838068 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935660909 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829997012 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220438211 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160517784 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665207368 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811081657 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1098568947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1098568947 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642214631 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944215111 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623773232 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1774589469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1774589469 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130793956 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096577667 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 2129844134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1832284192 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348168563 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362493587 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040429683 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78520083 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226356073 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055355955 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testSimpleRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463220635 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282813283 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345763059 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testSimpleRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testSimpleRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
