msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850597787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1850597787 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 179808568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1198817209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1198817209 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1748097277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1513029997 originConf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36627152 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828241083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 779018428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 779018428 originConf 828241083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 2050275256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393198164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1965036946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1965036946 originConf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3886839 that extends conf 1965036946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 1965036946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814111376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611502040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 611502040 originConf 814111376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834562889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1186371052 originConf 834562889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997625595 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761863997 that extends conf 1997625595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624693846 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
