msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorException
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042790962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399701152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1399701152 originConf 1042790962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019826979 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594791957 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988644427 that extends conf 1594791957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1628289406 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1832284192 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1041451158 originConf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205496410 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232726781 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 491152599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 488669101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 488669101 originConf 491152599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413550077 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 413550077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037806977 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1618326227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807986446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 807986446 originConf 1618326227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 1272744797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1651689839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030458766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2030458766 originConf 1651689839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194903130 that extends conf 2030458766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 194903130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 2030458766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832066800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 832066800 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516934601 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941598182 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1675239551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380216561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 380216561 originConf 1675239551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 380216561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071674587 that extends conf 380216561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1442342557 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360332263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1360332263 originConf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862152124 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181260145 that extends conf 1988644427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorException
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorException
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
