msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526062841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920446957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 920446957 originConf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791267914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1406004470 originConf 1791267914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230231195 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262399993 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800694571 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123710433 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875785763 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 294628200 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548055571 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441042029 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147645261 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107634667 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008703334 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017493433 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741623556 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94450011 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490843965 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770265146 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
