msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847431070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2051598050 originConf 1847431070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917568725 that extends conf 2144067911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964847681 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102103410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 102103410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 140428850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238431319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 238431319 originConf 140428850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 904208473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1425405511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670084377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 670084377 originConf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586831282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042884127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2042884127 originConf 586831282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800605369 that extends conf 1385750189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114270481 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1756160273 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533662221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1921553024
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1921553024 originConf 1533662221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495857386 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038988454 that extends conf 495857386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
