msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353113441 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 757322919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 757322919 originConf 353113441
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442281540 that extends conf 757322919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702024651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 167183783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 167183783 originConf 1702024651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183952655 that extends conf 167183783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339074265 that extends conf 1183952655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791973876 that extends conf 167183783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662311282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2003790144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2003790144 originConf 1662311282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854582376 that extends conf 2003790144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777057717 that extends conf 1854582376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950682987 that extends conf 2003790144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649931461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1212680227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1212680227 originConf 1649931461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147531711 that extends conf 1212680227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982380690 that extends conf 1147531711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083796255 that extends conf 1212680227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1528147077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877331632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1877331632 originConf 1528147077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615927427 that extends conf 1877331632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811013275 that extends conf 615927427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084457858 that extends conf 1877331632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183932571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 985651259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 985651259 originConf 1183932571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137716515 that extends conf 985651259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370005917 that extends conf 1137716515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633468393 that extends conf 985651259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1795204590 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1400674049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1400674049 originConf 1795204590
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997550107 that extends conf 1400674049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075373290 that extends conf 997550107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46725010 that extends conf 1400674049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1387321708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 718055622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 718055622 originConf 1387321708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466485960 that extends conf 718055622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694124728 that extends conf 466485960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541440325 that extends conf 718055622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1067062186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327979845
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1327979845 originConf 1067062186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966154092 that extends conf 1327979845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007447407 that extends conf 966154092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739509940 that extends conf 1327979845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1560519246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 635979875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 635979875 originConf 1560519246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124565370 that extends conf 635979875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030279492 that extends conf 2124565370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360497527 that extends conf 635979875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
