msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924802798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755759908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 755759908 originConf 1924802798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518692141 that extends conf 1702478809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 488669101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 409596180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 409596180 originConf 488669101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831705084 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807986446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 5021240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 5021240 originConf 807986446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989219205 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809520570 that extends conf 1989219205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1039759545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704535540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1704535540 originConf 1039759545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526866775 that extends conf 1704535540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 1526866775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286580650 that extends conf 1704535540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090894907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685219002 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1586779822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559559860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 559559860 originConf 1586779822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696591495 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990442552 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164757726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1370597622 originConf 164757726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985679444 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684220724 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[11]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
