msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 873610597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 270095066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 270095066 originConf 873610597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237912220 that extends conf 270095066 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244880808 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059634518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1059634518 originConf 1244880808
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50720817 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 50720817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572745406 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203409950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 203409950 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710220387 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 693345846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 693345846 originConf 710220387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876962272 that extends conf 693345846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017792343 that extends conf 693345846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708926121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1604616170 originConf 708926121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704214570 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913806791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 913806791 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 334099170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1227224309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 678962690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 678962690 originConf 1227224309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532409428 that extends conf 678962690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144334265 that extends conf 1532409428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746117425 that extends conf 678962690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
