msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704869156 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562685863 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13643661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792381498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1792381498 originConf 13643661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164289802 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45643137 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000410491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173440626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 173440626 originConf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 2082545616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569976699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 569976699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285072597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800959603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1800959603 originConf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128077491 that extends conf 1980194149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090894907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041263297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703644914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 703644914 originConf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 638525764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697145861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 697145861 originConf 638525764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846508205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1526296937 originConf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 717998169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389055824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1389055824 originConf 717998169
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475816303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 475816303
msx-rc 0
