msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539038539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1769598893 originConf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708926121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1604616170 originConf 708926121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704214570 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 916958177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 378814088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 378814088 originConf 916958177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961983234 that extends conf 378814088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005706991 that extends conf 378814088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68217166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467732903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 467732903 originConf 68217166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688602934 that extends conf 467732903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202952187 that extends conf 1688602934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582060799 that extends conf 467732903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
