msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423752095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788034018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1788034018 originConf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 197855654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 689448569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1360878852 originConf 689448569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 118881143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471800355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 923360749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 923360749 originConf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982634822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1285072597 originConf 982634822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598047636 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742448147 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113273959 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449987177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985869725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1985869725 originConf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78377968 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174383157 that extends conf 78377968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087440001 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775423528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 837719796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 837719796 originConf 775423528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 837719796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 837719796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741370455 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[26]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
