msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1210939243 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 1663488386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380976928 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790387225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1790387225 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624788833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 1624788833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465909321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 465909321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 1059080630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2080125222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266093632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1266093632 originConf 2080125222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 331748029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1371400311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 987595204
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 987595204 originConf 1371400311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 1791267914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 319426406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1460696714
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1460696714 originConf 319426406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1460696714 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011481270 that extends conf 622772003 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1460696714 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1995505717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800605369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1800605369 originConf 1995505717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154941313 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1154941313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 639105046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173259631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 173259631 originConf 639105046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 1699443392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467401150 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244815033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 741390111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 741390111 originConf 1244815033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828610686 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 828610686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174714624 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121072891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 444127949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 444127949 originConf 1121072891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876908140 that extends conf 444127949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276714561 that extends conf 876908140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678962690 that extends conf 444127949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
