msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161382705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1161382705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052399527 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410958248 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678115778 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1472036907 originConf 678115778
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35068320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 915233792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 915233792 originConf 35068320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101721002 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514793058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514793058 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
