msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1500697171 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118571592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809128217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 809128217 originConf 2118571592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113273959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1955587357 originConf 2113273959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584698209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 379115456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 379115456 originConf 584698209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319061373 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621486957 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003737182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777970377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 777970377 originConf 1003737182
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605783571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783882192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 783882192 originConf 1605783571
msx-rc 0
