msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithStandbyNN
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 601008104 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 601008104 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687940142 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665197552 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1622458036 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1622458036 originConf 1622458036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131184547 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988850650 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 149225732 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 149225732 originConf 149225732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945834881 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574749319 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758845372 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491769592 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128297652 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762134255 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016039117 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623306287 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593903171 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689380171 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39167719 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874987676 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620222405 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988868542 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969999915 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875618874 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446339814 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 214649627 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 214649627 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594858858 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639637237 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723826632 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369718264 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 961859592 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 961859592 originConf 961859592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386469058 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829473438 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136278079 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1278616846 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1278616846 originConf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560549459 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781015581 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768998588 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255819375 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420623741 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304746689 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466493180 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6119747 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436508891 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003454771 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879727704 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 214649627 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 510368405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 510368405 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164699452 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050011358 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674644119 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279921122 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 961859592 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 988786279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 988786279 originConf 961859592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116239170 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707555223 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718025535 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1278616846 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1832284192 originConf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614821649 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099141115 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434872658 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 184244257 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 184244257 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604130163 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47432409 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536619013 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905488851 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223303171 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797159635 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65362681 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783659636 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 241036987 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771704905 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716982229 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192827229 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938259481 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 1938259481 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65551384 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017393480 that extends conf 65551384 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562595588 that extends conf 65551384 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425910838 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1958377316 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992453633 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithStandbyNN
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithStandbyNN
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
