msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateEncryptionZone
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1519911160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645643802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 645643802 originConf 1519911160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622863652 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932244589 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632669667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145165159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1145165159 originConf 632669667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651698411 that extends conf 1145165159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 651698411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1145165159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 932312334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1156385423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1156385423 originConf 932312334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115099772 that extends conf 1156385423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280452839 that extends conf 1156385423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954723689 that extends conf 1156385423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8415638 that extends conf 954723689 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1570228900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1204822967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1204822967 originConf 1570228900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042971662 that extends conf 1204822967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580979398 that extends conf 2042971662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326230282 that extends conf 1204822967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 956480812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15429318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 15429318 originConf 956480812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330415865 that extends conf 15429318 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650105437 that extends conf 15429318 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562251195 that extends conf 15429318 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787298292 that extends conf 1562251195 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 493690178 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1465146431
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1465146431 originConf 493690178
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494896526 that extends conf 1465146431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82328216 that extends conf 1494896526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708422187 that extends conf 1465146431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 820804897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2130329443
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2130329443 originConf 820804897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18233895 that extends conf 2130329443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759522611 that extends conf 2130329443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687430663 that extends conf 2130329443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222882200 that extends conf 1687430663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261925632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066856480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1066856480 originConf 261925632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753113235 that extends conf 1066856480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519482659 that extends conf 1753113235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825656946 that extends conf 1066856480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 479442206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 716996660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 716996660 originConf 479442206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074687317 that extends conf 716996660 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152937115 that extends conf 716996660 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117859171 that extends conf 716996660 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974701110 that extends conf 117859171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226213650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1871617286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1871617286 originConf 226213650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565601243 that extends conf 1871617286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633514467 that extends conf 1565601243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402211887 that extends conf 1871617286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456832249 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 479161446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 479161446 originConf 456832249
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506083063 that extends conf 479161446 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792110618 that extends conf 479161446 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127407451 that extends conf 479161446 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584724454 that extends conf 2127407451 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1388979794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 345722144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 345722144 originConf 1388979794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108044736 that extends conf 345722144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430976509 that extends conf 2108044736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445976541 that extends conf 345722144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 204273047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 716896919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 716896919 originConf 204273047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093582436 that extends conf 716896919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651379334 that extends conf 716896919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 686688828 that extends conf 716896919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48042118 that extends conf 686688828 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 224738881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1588635270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1588635270 originConf 224738881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511906746 that extends conf 1588635270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548269356 that extends conf 1511906746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478984550 that extends conf 1588635270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1461216550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727096642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1727096642 originConf 1461216550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889346570 that extends conf 1727096642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007031139 that extends conf 1727096642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413473944 that extends conf 1727096642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798299644 that extends conf 1413473944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1560203450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1843885967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1843885967 originConf 1560203450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629790599 that extends conf 1843885967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940905579 that extends conf 629790599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374115999 that extends conf 1843885967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393710872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2062755811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 2062755811 originConf 1393710872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223820621 that extends conf 2062755811 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700794291 that extends conf 2062755811 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39642165 that extends conf 2062755811 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124881858 that extends conf 39642165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1440268996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 468002913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 468002913 originConf 1440268996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964864549 that extends conf 468002913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96388064 that extends conf 1964864549 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087831689 that extends conf 468002913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226800546 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1778300121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1778300121 originConf 226800546
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114950440 that extends conf 1778300121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250177638 that extends conf 1778300121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275339119 that extends conf 1778300121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159883451 that extends conf 1275339119 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666678445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510873326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 510873326 originConf 666678445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251755984 that extends conf 510873326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389353983 that extends conf 251755984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108851942 that extends conf 510873326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290584410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296953588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1296953588 originConf 1290584410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26101073 that extends conf 1296953588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934605027 that extends conf 1296953588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574187498 that extends conf 1296953588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248488041 that extends conf 574187498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611711907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1349536242
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1349536242 originConf 611711907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720332964 that extends conf 1349536242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774610771 that extends conf 1720332964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686232293 that extends conf 1349536242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateEncryptionZone
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateEncryptionZone
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
