msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684815871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544781802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1544781802 originConf 1684815871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514372030 that extends conf 1544781802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1024131194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1663860393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1663860393 originConf 1024131194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003191572 that extends conf 1663860393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047613204 that extends conf 1003191572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100018705 that extends conf 1663860393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657314283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559737757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 559737757 originConf 1657314283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205510109 that extends conf 559737757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160017109 that extends conf 205510109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235305233 that extends conf 559737757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 189586658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836524150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 836524150 originConf 189586658
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923357857 that extends conf 836524150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752185421 that extends conf 923357857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190985258 that extends conf 836524150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196583303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 265553034
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 265553034 originConf 196583303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055308027 that extends conf 265553034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437502326 that extends conf 2055308027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383067845 that extends conf 265553034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 95196097 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347269239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1347269239 originConf 95196097
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926849986 that extends conf 1347269239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079778767 that extends conf 926849986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497379039 that extends conf 1347269239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 87095463 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255004420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 255004420 originConf 87095463
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896327561 that extends conf 255004420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836176785 that extends conf 896327561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955546630 that extends conf 255004420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111975523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1222610316
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1222610316 originConf 2111975523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079150133 that extends conf 1222610316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881506297 that extends conf 2079150133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75163722 that extends conf 1222610316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478378593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1301766993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1301766993 originConf 1478378593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423677971 that extends conf 1301766993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108794204 that extends conf 423677971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670866196 that extends conf 1301766993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836868220 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 172266446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 172266446 originConf 1836868220
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016207074 that extends conf 172266446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783675077 that extends conf 1016207074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995081402 that extends conf 172266446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 634842647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 916883521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 916883521 originConf 634842647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241162 that extends conf 916883521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1958473704 that extends conf 828241162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101234874 that extends conf 916883521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1209992170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1655175161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1655175161 originConf 1209992170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542102495 that extends conf 1655175161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019827903 that extends conf 1542102495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626916299 that extends conf 1655175161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
