msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526062841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920446957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 920446957 originConf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791267914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1661161169
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1661161169 originConf 1791267914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 691096777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 691096777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991386317 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219812012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081633119
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1081633119 originConf 219812012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670517043 that extends conf 1287455719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441194642 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991104425 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628838352 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574224505 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531041821 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280995514 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737503972 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680971821 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484586309 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611781159 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1761609217 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706452761 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810440645 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55123547 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007378555 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721662705 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
