msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991386317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312565954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 312565954 originConf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110785285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1499825229 originConf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442465916 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356476647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2007138812 originConf 356476647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 726416425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 425107133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209845522
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 209845522 originConf 425107133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32206364 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442342557 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161118423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303846650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 303846650 originConf 161118423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681979935 that extends conf 1859153769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179060558 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
