msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForNonExistDirectory
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 132702873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1982990621
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1982990621 originConf 132702873
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 614352791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1864284776
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1864284776 originConf 614352791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936456220 that extends conf 1864284776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864284776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1656043448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1656043448 originConf 1864284776
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 386898040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2101311331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2101311331 originConf 386898040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632878042 that extends conf 2101311331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29995213 that extends conf 1632878042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395154733 that extends conf 2101311331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2059029228 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024145027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2024145027 originConf 2059029228
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708564007 that extends conf 2024145027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653628327 that extends conf 1708564007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873614448 that extends conf 2024145027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 719708949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173770697
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1173770697 originConf 719708949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503183236 that extends conf 1173770697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307398125 that extends conf 1503183236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813239335 that extends conf 1173770697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720979606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1720979606 originConf 1121454968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForNonExistDirectory
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForNonExistDirectory
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
