msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionWithoutProvider
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 667737821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 37902311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 37902311 originConf 667737821
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619292732 that extends conf 37902311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694707252 that extends conf 37902311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943956740 that extends conf 694707252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586569144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1075599696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1075599696 originConf 586569144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313757753 that extends conf 1075599696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912181072 that extends conf 1313757753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112535937 that extends conf 1075599696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616177803 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245175937 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585284133 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1575708751 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308339131 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744428041 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158003775 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577512132 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976001713 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871933003 that extends conf 1943956740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 667737821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1888064490
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1888064490 originConf 667737821
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427732231 that extends conf 1888064490 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionWithoutProvider
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptionWithoutProvider
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
