msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testListCachePoolPermissions
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427646530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 702061917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 702061917 originConf 1427646530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925973605 that extends conf 702061917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1213871206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480184864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 480184864 originConf 1213871206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846982837 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347808407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1817154869 originConf 347808407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 1817154869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 1817154869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 540092563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1428726828 originConf 540092563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846539844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1999135802 originConf 1846539844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testListCachePoolPermissions
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testListCachePoolPermissions
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
