msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 812553708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 231202600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 231202600 originConf 812553708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063737662 that extends conf 231202600 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 600017090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259077766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 259077766 originConf 600017090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12139181 that extends conf 259077766 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 615853374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 615853374 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1474072872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720746883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265287441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1265287441 originConf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788034018 that extends conf 1936375962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682619279 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1913017282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353891891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 353891891 originConf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503614751 that extends conf 353891891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1503614751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678115778 that extends conf 353891891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1204178174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1921012072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1921012072 originConf 1204178174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 1921012072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767532961 that extends conf 92864491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1921012072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 42158278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653774328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 653774328 originConf 42158278
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 922871524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2124448375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 2124448375 originConf 922871524
msx-rc 0
