msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversGreaterThanDefault
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862674654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300811000 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 300811000
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830969563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1177101170 originConf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965036946 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28145535 that extends conf 1965036946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564086167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499418021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1499418021 originConf 564086167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521973283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745465688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 745465688 originConf 521973283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555136651 that extends conf 745465688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 555136651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475024998 that extends conf 745465688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversGreaterThanDefault
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversGreaterThanDefault
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
