msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212924259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 212924259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368802354 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726780304 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707250996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311315651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1311315651 originConf 707250996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929661663 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703232177 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103394942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1242427797 originConf 103394942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084486251 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668301868 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632669667 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955502880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 448569108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 448569108 originConf 1955502880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 946884592 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193864812 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897801829 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041611826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450420562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 450420562 originConf 2041611826
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167692593 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025066647 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033425208 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 827843776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 971404566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 971404566 originConf 827843776
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850301256 that extends conf 971404566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062132026 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945698516 that extends conf 971404566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560041895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790538253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 790538253 originConf 560041895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492156162 that extends conf 790538253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791014677 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046820071 that extends conf 790538253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080561710 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:45208: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:45208: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
