msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720746883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265287441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1265287441 originConf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1936375962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1226298219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944348744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 944348744 originConf 1226298219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765690649 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125865913 that extends conf 1765690649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272753974 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500588149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1620112330 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935722070 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761973299 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 766101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1003307628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1003307628 originConf 766101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 1003307628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589016913 that extends conf 2054787417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 1003307628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1638471954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 194903130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 194903130 originConf 1638471954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360440329 that extends conf 194903130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 1360440329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10001825 that extends conf 194903130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949672824 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084920982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 17331878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 17331878 originConf 2084920982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648972298 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541232265 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545563479 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
