msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666452347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163514547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 163514547 originConf 666452347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060491709 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46927869 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128345909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913054584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1913054584 originConf 1128345909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106776433 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471559147 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 65151115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704805489
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1704805489 originConf 65151115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501896443 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834358055 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405652094 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138848495 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256593088 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857758244 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960080480 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614836846 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359412656 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284464167 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471940237 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770931993 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056978686 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832279744 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1086048990 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676782870 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835178350 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 408132127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 217931864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 217931864 originConf 408132127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236241297 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734559212 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407039540 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2147318371 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737518589 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866771068 that extends conf 737518589 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653744219 that extends conf 217931864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823084979 that extends conf 653744219 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816717018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1401704339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1401704339 originConf 816717018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400368818 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94178439 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039731574 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287056452 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006985065 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26544526 that extends conf 1006985065 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339945407 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023229429 that extends conf 1339945407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 408132127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691125993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 691125993 originConf 408132127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739776720 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616386421 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838347820 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123440260 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785847918 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721111350 that extends conf 785847918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167230642 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101918476 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816717018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1186499423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1186499423 originConf 816717018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644050851 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1435272870 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564424875 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546224334 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038365975 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739879711 that extends conf 2038365975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607896946 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596003985 that extends conf 1607896946 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557772331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759577170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1759577170 originConf 557772331
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
