msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepDecreasing#testSetrepDecreasing
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 647874430 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197872580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1197872580 originConf 647874430
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1770535943 that extends conf 1197872580 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809763472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1691526753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1691526753 originConf 1809763472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551862788 that extends conf 1691526753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190348512 that extends conf 551862788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114460781 that extends conf 1691526753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 481688907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2115885944
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2115885944 originConf 481688907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86211072 that extends conf 2115885944 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942724356 that extends conf 86211072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114854244 that extends conf 2115885944 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814297068 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 912459545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 912459545 originConf 814297068
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032158769 that extends conf 912459545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467209949 that extends conf 2032158769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735160356 that extends conf 912459545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 40836522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 998531140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 998531140 originConf 40836522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460437961 that extends conf 998531140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455135107 that extends conf 1460437961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285497536 that extends conf 998531140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657674182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1711688983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1711688983 originConf 1657674182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673276845 that extends conf 1711688983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262217510 that extends conf 673276845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985941765 that extends conf 1711688983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 492347348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 156439901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 156439901 originConf 492347348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508625764 that extends conf 156439901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155078102 that extends conf 508625764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064392288 that extends conf 156439901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2086173677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 802129006
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 802129006 originConf 2086173677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881099218 that extends conf 802129006 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621592294 that extends conf 881099218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508886374 that extends conf 802129006 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1766733932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 36167888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 36167888 originConf 1766733932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590792687 that extends conf 36167888 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114362423 that extends conf 590792687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447042891 that extends conf 36167888 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1078984029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 221676877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 221676877 originConf 1078984029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592122401 that extends conf 221676877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849527779 that extends conf 592122401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892771026 that extends conf 221676877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1556119786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515887257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1515887257 originConf 1556119786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529752039 that extends conf 1515887257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456099133 that extends conf 1529752039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719312599 that extends conf 1515887257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepDecreasing#testSetrepDecreasing
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSetrepDecreasing#testSetrepDecreasing
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
