msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 725832346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275056979
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 275056979 originConf 725832346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 275056979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50720817 that extends conf 246826139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 275056979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 364704856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 347808407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 347808407 originConf 364704856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878598679 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 51460663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 205615258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 205615258 originConf 51460663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247644034 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 247644034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936628786 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1498016680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1498016680 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841537936 that extends conf 52487168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 668760567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439925336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 439925336 originConf 668760567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295055909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1533672820 originConf 295055909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809129176 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
