msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311052922 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 90380642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 90380642 originConf 1311052922
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514793058 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245439653 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624355359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1303362110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1303362110 originConf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091586824 that extends conf 905940937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582702662 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242427797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139266166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2139266166 originConf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247348185 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889753223 that extends conf 1247348185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828535871 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 448569108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 357153703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 357153703 originConf 448569108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235195640 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 235195640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727818265 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66231846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 167692593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 167692593 originConf 66231846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740095856 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618180899 that extends conf 1740095856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648214521 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1996556848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1812200214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1812200214 originConf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123629835 that extends conf 1812200214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269006535 that extends conf 123629835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773518491 that extends conf 1812200214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 790538253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648176342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 648176342 originConf 790538253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052452680 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836386144 that extends conf 2052452680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203401172 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741007954 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:36728: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:36728: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
