msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1964513464 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183859268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 183859268 originConf 1964513464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984238290 that extends conf 183859268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188979396 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235258278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1235258278 originConf 188979396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077514513 that extends conf 1235258278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315633679 that extends conf 1077514513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263013340 that extends conf 1235258278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1440652100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1403303602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1403303602 originConf 1440652100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840473208 that extends conf 1403303602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445590794 that extends conf 1840473208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064942862 that extends conf 1403303602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144258828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 115390994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 115390994 originConf 2144258828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340894136 that extends conf 115390994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233210710 that extends conf 340894136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057698235 that extends conf 115390994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 561057306 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1708167631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1708167631 originConf 561057306
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843985981 that extends conf 1708167631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078157784 that extends conf 1843985981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598696806 that extends conf 1708167631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1530011895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 148479189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 148479189 originConf 1530011895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120347507 that extends conf 148479189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196771986 that extends conf 1120347507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404179657 that extends conf 148479189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 846281747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1494256853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1494256853 originConf 846281747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582581095 that extends conf 1494256853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956869236 that extends conf 582581095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153470380 that extends conf 1494256853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 583135983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 873407854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 873407854 originConf 583135983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063946388 that extends conf 873407854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207070088 that extends conf 1063946388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700018237 that extends conf 873407854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 978371680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 544569567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 544569567 originConf 978371680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311749544 that extends conf 544569567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271290183 that extends conf 1311749544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531778334 that extends conf 544569567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1558438990 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1023524195
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1023524195 originConf 1558438990
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754564305 that extends conf 1023524195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161510275 that extends conf 1754564305 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072666998 that extends conf 1023524195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1722707601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 562556388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 562556388 originConf 1722707601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975945142 that extends conf 562556388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548066437 that extends conf 1975945142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378725086 that extends conf 562556388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599944103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2147080500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2147080500 originConf 1599944103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396767505 that extends conf 2147080500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961246030 that extends conf 396767505 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872610420 that extends conf 2147080500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998816934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1504625618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1504625618 originConf 1998816934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169373230 that extends conf 1504625618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400651984 that extends conf 169373230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124757326 that extends conf 1504625618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836087580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 222600153
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 222600153 originConf 1836087580
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742432446 that extends conf 222600153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315594883 that extends conf 1742432446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725173733 that extends conf 222600153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603531973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 413111025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 413111025 originConf 1603531973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249493474 that extends conf 413111025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384421977 that extends conf 249493474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878511346 that extends conf 413111025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
