msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153525747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 786468308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 786468308 originConf 153525747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637027464 that extends conf 786468308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1873428060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 952937862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 952937862 originConf 1873428060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897485970 that extends conf 952937862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506133231 that extends conf 1897485970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717221907 that extends conf 952937862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1534495266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 135400285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 135400285 originConf 1534495266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486355367 that extends conf 135400285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596102190 that extends conf 486355367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293833727 that extends conf 135400285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1448079875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130577356
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1130577356 originConf 1448079875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393305069 that extends conf 1130577356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646440300 that extends conf 393305069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844185961 that extends conf 1130577356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619603920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1582271043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1582271043 originConf 619603920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232199052 that extends conf 1582271043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755791482 that extends conf 232199052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1900212706 that extends conf 1582271043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 97478897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538260413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 538260413 originConf 97478897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152229905 that extends conf 538260413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458862897 that extends conf 152229905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296278023 that extends conf 538260413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185117111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790987254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 790987254 originConf 185117111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420094038 that extends conf 790987254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499812901 that extends conf 1420094038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191087399 that extends conf 790987254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2139233004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470109530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 470109530 originConf 2139233004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486485503 that extends conf 470109530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572669722 that extends conf 1486485503 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418240108 that extends conf 470109530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneCell
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
