msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704869156 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562685863 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13643661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792381498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1792381498 originConf 13643661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164289802 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45643137 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827212229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 884604029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 884604029 originConf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260043537 that extends conf 8136897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327539680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137667747 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502102804 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1338770454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428022141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1428022141 originConf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 614635686 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553077867 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81269359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2066366456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2066366456 originConf 81269359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 960004592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 960004592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142261320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319061373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 319061373 originConf 142261320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 45666436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 638525764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697145861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 697145861 originConf 638525764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846508205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1526296937 originConf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 717998169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389055824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1389055824 originConf 717998169
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475816303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 475816303
msx-rc 0
