msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 385674946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 895946009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 895946009 originConf 385674946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411911041 that extends conf 895946009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 795124443 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 179972205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 179972205 originConf 795124443
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792300424 that extends conf 179972205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596610382 that extends conf 1792300424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193264827 that extends conf 179972205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 773090031 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 400286615
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 400286615 originConf 773090031
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234232835 that extends conf 400286615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187751972 that extends conf 234232835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12004121 that extends conf 400286615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 908095997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1763268332
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1763268332 originConf 908095997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407575151 that extends conf 1763268332 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785614402 that extends conf 1407575151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2039062692 that extends conf 1763268332 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 978617164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10858862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 10858862 originConf 978617164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454956872 that extends conf 10858862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336080096 that extends conf 454956872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122410213 that extends conf 10858862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1464871097 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 675925826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 675925826 originConf 1464871097
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532178172 that extends conf 675925826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398713366 that extends conf 532178172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509773370 that extends conf 675925826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1509342147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347810652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1347810652 originConf 1509342147
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967785392 that extends conf 1347810652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98829964 that extends conf 967785392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044992189 that extends conf 1347810652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 293015355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394214789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 394214789 originConf 293015355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615881719 that extends conf 394214789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564785321 that extends conf 1615881719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878715663 that extends conf 394214789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 645096582 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1761101134
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1761101134 originConf 645096582
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096043727 that extends conf 1761101134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504137766 that extends conf 1096043727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017012964 that extends conf 1761101134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 930656606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 341277257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 341277257 originConf 930656606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273314386 that extends conf 341277257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478466606 that extends conf 1273314386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058105482 that extends conf 341277257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
