msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52913970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 52913970 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 2116299597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1500379239 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933129092 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755328698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 683718244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 683718244 originConf 755328698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841537936 that extends conf 683718244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985487390 that extends conf 683718244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002041276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2123269713 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 246264949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 246264949 originConf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917935693 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 673384643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 673384643 originConf 917935693
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28145535 that extends conf 673384643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 28145535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 673384643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708926121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1604616170 originConf 708926121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704214570 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8996952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861522296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 861522296 originConf 8996952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688770224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1174714624 originConf 1688770224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352378889 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546217718 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450438867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623287112
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1623287112 originConf 450438867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160546880 that extends conf 1623287112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769227988 that extends conf 1160546880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467146800 that extends conf 1623287112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
