msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testXceiverCount
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 612716569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507061061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 507061061 originConf 612716569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668760567 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132369181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1630841930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1486553742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1486553742 originConf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687399269 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45416784 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004655561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 524566446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 524566446 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008229299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730583371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 730583371 originConf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648972298 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 648972298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788698111 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985487390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1970528559 originConf 985487390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337545117 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161118423 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445222369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1445222369 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668385683 that extends conf 1445222369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655713354 that extends conf 1668385683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255041198 that extends conf 1445222369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1019009267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1019009267 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091586824 that extends conf 1019009267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471633238 that extends conf 2091586824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16196099 that extends conf 1019009267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1571278562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1571278562 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742900195 that extends conf 2060799061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508873523 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727420902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1727420902 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851241961 that extends conf 1727420902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315038402 that extends conf 1851241961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678889928 that extends conf 1727420902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 826690115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 197195067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 197195067 originConf 826690115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250816994 that extends conf 197195067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1820920259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899675353
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 899675353 originConf 1820920259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710591086 that extends conf 899675353 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643646293 that extends conf 1710591086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 899675353 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649829954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068499906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 2068499906 originConf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097614581 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209748487 that extends conf 2097614581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595472338 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1722645488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056499811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 2056499811 originConf 1722645488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293389141 that extends conf 2056499811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870019773 that extends conf 1293389141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931008760 that extends conf 2056499811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819897025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1709882027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1709882027 originConf 1819897025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269244031 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118363130 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880908391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 880908391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816302479 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992525817 that extends conf 816302479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966114624 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076627578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1126112943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1126112943 originConf 2076627578
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510009630 that extends conf 1126112943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747025217 that extends conf 1510009630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252276535 that extends conf 1126112943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 572370257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 911857585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 911857585 originConf 572370257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847301137 that extends conf 911857585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557568981 that extends conf 1847301137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775911842 that extends conf 911857585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1880869198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372483461
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1372483461 originConf 1880869198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529303412 that extends conf 1372483461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878677242 that extends conf 1529303412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320443884 that extends conf 1372483461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1032532382 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1373220972
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 1373220972 originConf 1032532382
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390374517 that extends conf 1373220972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318755294 that extends conf 390374517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049646260 that extends conf 1373220972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 753692748 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 609825180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 609825180 originConf 753692748
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658273453 that extends conf 609825180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354350463 that extends conf 1658273453 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047812687 that extends conf 609825180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970707120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457893088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 457893088 originConf 1970707120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001351478 that extends conf 457893088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127866590 that extends conf 1001351478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213683471 that extends conf 457893088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 293667566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 613630562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 613630562 originConf 293667566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 736868175 that extends conf 613630562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7752890 that extends conf 736868175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244229783 that extends conf 613630562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577682023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988402146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 988402146 originConf 577682023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120043781 that extends conf 988402146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783141366 that extends conf 1120043781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250702170 that extends conf 988402146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 376601041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440332016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 1440332016 originConf 376601041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494266287 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1452355939 that extends conf 494266287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443348849 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 790538253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904720585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 1904720585 originConf 790538253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883735648 that extends conf 1904720585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674233333 that extends conf 883735648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1018742990 that extends conf 1904720585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 503353142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541248718
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 541248718 originConf 503353142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720661245 that extends conf 541248718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407241000 that extends conf 720661245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20084184 that extends conf 541248718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testXceiverCount
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeCapacityReport#testXceiverCount
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
