msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742511313 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807660161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1807660161 originConf 742511313
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188171870 that extends conf 1807660161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1628816376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 856614970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 856614970 originConf 1628816376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2105968584 that extends conf 856614970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783216590 that extends conf 2105968584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461283901 that extends conf 856614970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2080122894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 94125867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 94125867 originConf 2080122894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059351815 that extends conf 94125867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 958791168 that extends conf 1059351815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369407172 that extends conf 94125867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380925828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1691494849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1691494849 originConf 380925828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333341529 that extends conf 1691494849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926006911 that extends conf 333341529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852454932 that extends conf 1691494849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1637156585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 59060490
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 59060490 originConf 1637156585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 792130980 that extends conf 59060490 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379666161 that extends conf 792130980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190543082 that extends conf 59060490 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532069615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 954220126
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 954220126 originConf 1532069615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617097437 that extends conf 954220126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750182714 that extends conf 617097437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778785433 that extends conf 954220126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2055643872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1459151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1459151 originConf 2055643872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913258001 that extends conf 1459151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039756486 that extends conf 913258001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190813820 that extends conf 1459151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2068385933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855104348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 855104348 originConf 2068385933
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941768807 that extends conf 855104348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687821165 that extends conf 1941768807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685345106 that extends conf 855104348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689521347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 590452049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 590452049 originConf 1689521347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804493522 that extends conf 590452049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112302956 that extends conf 1804493522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111713528 that extends conf 590452049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1581138766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1981323887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1981323887 originConf 1581138766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174754560 that extends conf 1981323887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541342640 that extends conf 174754560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680104560 that extends conf 1981323887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484972282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882002144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 882002144 originConf 1484972282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767973796 that extends conf 882002144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854583070 that extends conf 767973796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860983798 that extends conf 882002144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 89061317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1396421117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1396421117 originConf 89061317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1535567883 that extends conf 1396421117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70261562 that extends conf 1535567883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021200840 that extends conf 1396421117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365491812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637619417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1637619417 originConf 1365491812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699180151 that extends conf 1637619417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775484847 that extends conf 699180151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906099165 that extends conf 1637619417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1520014942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1906223612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1906223612 originConf 1520014942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506955835 that extends conf 1906223612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 299380486 that extends conf 506955835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100573299 that extends conf 1906223612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1098004679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1801094724
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1801094724 originConf 1098004679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629730324 that extends conf 1801094724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013684892 that extends conf 1629730324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970649614 that extends conf 1801094724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetErasureCodingPolicyWithSystemDefaultECPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
