msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504807594 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063786038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465152579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 465152579 originConf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 17331878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 17331878 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testIdempotentCloseWithFailedStreams
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
