msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQuery
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778368582 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 676965004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 676965004 originConf 1778368582
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441430490 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012032928 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779203508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325287546
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1325287546 originConf 1779203508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240500336 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273500196 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2100191512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985754539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1985754539 originConf 2100191512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309028451 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47095474 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74327733 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171975506 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663246987 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624772880 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13487909 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462775392 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999752515 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706382950 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354679265 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198051257 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59693605 that extends conf 676965004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293308170 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532441941 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616371983 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712703464 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 493823895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139656883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2139656883 originConf 493823895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057874301 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893903124 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107218774 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591927701 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610503752 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2059185947 that extends conf 1610503752 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448022328 that extends conf 2139656883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234479261 that extends conf 1448022328 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962139141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506908675
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 506908675 originConf 962139141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380156013 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396842765 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923614407 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774740512 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565629433 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644694091 that extends conf 1565629433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770530673 that extends conf 506908675 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926844975 that extends conf 770530673 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 493823895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074655060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2074655060 originConf 493823895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769910308 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10569151 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007228507 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010136881 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949949214 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547306446 that extends conf 1949949214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837113495 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097593945 that extends conf 837113495 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962139141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265968268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1265968268 originConf 962139141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190342102 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285860289 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205669800 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986183447 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 702438633 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244736607 that extends conf 702438633 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 349075874 that extends conf 1265968268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463904541 that extends conf 349075874 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5961396 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964442851 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1148692651 that extends conf 2074655060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962139141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 249379039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 249379039 originConf 962139141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 970760119 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880411707 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768312526 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590953913 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802411918 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182536851 that extends conf 1802411918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711831682 that extends conf 249379039 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697485581 that extends conf 1711831682 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQuery
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testQuery
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
