msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720746883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265287441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1265287441 originConf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1936375962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791589252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248435962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1248435962 originConf 1791589252
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123166613 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 1123166613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456314134 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500588149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1620112330 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935722070 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761973299 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665512315 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1919555524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1919555524 originConf 665512315
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938259481 that extends conf 1878225987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1553077867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704600661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1704600661 originConf 1553077867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78816013 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 78816013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65982709 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1257532915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 801142660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 801142660 originConf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319061373 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540219992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1842943543 originConf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546886525 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445222369 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737796619 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
