msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828241083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 779018428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 779018428 originConf 828241083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 2050275256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687399269 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821342630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 821342630 originConf 687399269
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057077925 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 308021294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074844820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1074844820 originConf 308021294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622263400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47268007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 47268007 originConf 622263400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423711439 that extends conf 1227459815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439361845 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515116175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 249515830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 249515830 originConf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 109065770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
