msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 676760902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1618876182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1618876182 originConf 676760902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868295261 that extends conf 1618876182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656057659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2033294906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2033294906 originConf 656057659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983356248 that extends conf 2033294906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238321351 that extends conf 1983356248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904387473 that extends conf 2033294906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1459303390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1479848348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1479848348 originConf 1459303390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807024877 that extends conf 1479848348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371064003 that extends conf 807024877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998856093 that extends conf 1479848348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 291155824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2121353432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2121353432 originConf 291155824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577542087 that extends conf 2121353432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127261739 that extends conf 1577542087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977774322 that extends conf 2121353432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 901666029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 519328569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 519328569 originConf 901666029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072240855 that extends conf 519328569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920124420 that extends conf 1072240855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693372586 that extends conf 519328569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1063742216 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2104922681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2104922681 originConf 1063742216
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1253555749 that extends conf 2104922681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332888014 that extends conf 1253555749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47564046 that extends conf 2104922681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515448496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 95274717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 95274717 originConf 515448496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004620250 that extends conf 95274717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336502295 that extends conf 1004620250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 406340816 that extends conf 95274717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1340536287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1422102255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1422102255 originConf 1340536287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553811571 that extends conf 1422102255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837504309 that extends conf 1553811571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005542479 that extends conf 1422102255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 769774059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2070492457
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2070492457 originConf 769774059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 342462633 that extends conf 2070492457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24409103 that extends conf 342462633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482968572 that extends conf 2070492457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164502835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554369396
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1554369396 originConf 1164502835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71868658 that extends conf 1554369396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102278983 that extends conf 71868658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687947245 that extends conf 1554369396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
