msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorage
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821680551 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061281814 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662075679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730079213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 730079213 originConf 1662075679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225947517 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501042755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205732628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1205732628 originConf 501042755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429941015 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395980812 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339914911 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029827470 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344018754 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265733961 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955779244 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954547698 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374358323 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 545124573 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740615423 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383573710 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298440506 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772060144 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926474860 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733861043 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729799418 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539523537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1539523537 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349133635 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640027834 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936291551 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604915663 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875477732 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65841534 that extends conf 875477732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858778099 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433272753 that extends conf 858778099 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 134524606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 134524606 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333302389 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106102781 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735328806 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96484464 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276487362 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680176861 that extends conf 276487362 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205698679 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441682448 that extends conf 1205698679 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1012917341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1012917341 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57847375 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944990788 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101602814 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319482367 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754632966 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101891969 that extends conf 754632966 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454000321 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534216621 that extends conf 1454000321 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986159165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1986159165 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379152766 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385821275 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707178451 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1018197978 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401881114 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453068995 that extends conf 401881114 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043740584 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572169390 that extends conf 2043740584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768600906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503771602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1503771602 originConf 1768600906
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorage
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorage
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
