msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791267914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1406004470 originConf 1791267914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553077867 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089837715 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682211757 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783069453 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356978140 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710593679 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83505830 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116470859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72406639 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083021775 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641418379 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144686979 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307294552 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88353945 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667924349 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300712714 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755293460 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708419949 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1483484591 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229682202 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
