msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112797307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 112797307 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForFSync
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForFSync
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testUpdateQuotaForFSync
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
