msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2619171 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2619171 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813187653 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42544488 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1845517769 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1845517769 originConf 1845517769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100929741 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 945834881 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 945834881 originConf 945834881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112737073 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460702435 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 299623591 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832047521 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659327321 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082587645 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026387571 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705402672 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082586906 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223749182 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840164727 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056978686 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316203122 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121226853 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892665223 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276343887 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070372599 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1865219266 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1865219266 originConf 1865219266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594858858 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862816913 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738397879 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748688701 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152315663 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562076170 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719481001 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2129844134 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2129844134 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007466320 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208828985 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369258058 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692838068 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944215111 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623773232 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130494581 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038019331 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949871769 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781076731 that extends conf 1865219266 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1865219266 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1098568947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1098568947 originConf 1865219266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715600873 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369169734 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1774589469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1774589469 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354807111 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097278809 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274046038 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 2129844134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 719182854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 719182854 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548510319 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344417989 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007228507 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128283799 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185854946 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551169444 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverShutdown
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041423570 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505201358 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118860217 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 2129844134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1500697171 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342444784 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447548613 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124160441 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270383967 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476061571 that extends conf 1270383967 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 1270383967 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156841091 that extends conf 1273895132 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153802607 that extends conf 1273895132 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942773400 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222167657 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590133548 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverShutdown
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverShutdown
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
