msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testEnabledEcPoliciesMetric
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1764696127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 1764696127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15892131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 15892131 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478182173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 478182173 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764358458 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7548983 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985487390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317960117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 317960117 originConf 985487390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008229299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1642308093 originConf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1630841930 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 167693809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testEnabledEcPoliciesMetric
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testEnabledEcPoliciesMetric
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
