msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testUpgradeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 601008104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056418216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2056418216 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765795529 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158258131 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144284609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 34871826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 34871826 originConf 2144284609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508059488 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1870209957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957099969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1957099969 originConf 1870209957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195801026 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134739622 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159704434 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980917445 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062470703 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375001400 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117002203 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017187922 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836800695 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172918994 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355862505 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579207906 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014966566 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873939108 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518976270 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52406941 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493158871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1493158871 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319473139 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873155841 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618718164 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1636178473 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658511941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1658511941 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813563927 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507076577 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472884491 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379148981 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732597634 that extends conf 1379148981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832432849 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031927175 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1447685190
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1447685190 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030121719 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475399514 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851061897 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813396655 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392570698 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 528877978 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008746677 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15910024 that extends conf 2008746677 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2076829355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2076829355 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492219097 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568974789 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119773872 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183244079 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183304529 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 183304529 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521331027 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 521331027 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434872658 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980972707 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36243824 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 440472115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 440472115 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665308978 that extends conf 440472115 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65362681 that extends conf 440472115 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138149261 that extends conf 440472115 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783659636 that extends conf 440472115 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 488669101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 488669101 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765771197 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589301490 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701448991 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173059685 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310412574 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061464356 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157006060 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034751534 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214135369 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351729531 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1025256097 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340634558 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 1340634558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251247808 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 1251247808 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 1465126864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654589039 that extends conf 1489946715 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628755308 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633040650 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470237404 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703602556 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505656240 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008929847 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testUpgradeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testUpgradeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
