msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818093527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47918293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47918293 originConf 818093527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 247644034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1720865719 originConf 247644034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981487964 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255109302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1855734078 originConf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048128739 that extends conf 1989332276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710191146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517116047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953528583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 953528583 originConf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1201786766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792372123
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1792372123 originConf 1201786766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18281053 that extends conf 1792372123 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625415849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1431119022
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1431119022 originConf 1625415849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149362611 that extends conf 1431119022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292548835 that extends conf 149362611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035056784 that extends conf 1431119022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869165966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 698262343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 698262343 originConf 1869165966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143904732 that extends conf 698262343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679392233 that extends conf 2143904732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876995501 that extends conf 698262343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 363101414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1261455802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1261455802 originConf 363101414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339150439 that extends conf 1261455802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101670824 that extends conf 339150439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235367230 that extends conf 1261455802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 581246360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103849454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1103849454 originConf 581246360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191237223 that extends conf 1103849454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842167512 that extends conf 191237223 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885280518 that extends conf 1103849454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1691200601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1381510086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1381510086 originConf 1691200601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391726467 that extends conf 1381510086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109703134 that extends conf 391726467 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328782542 that extends conf 1381510086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1182916773 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 264160673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 264160673 originConf 1182916773
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148513812 that extends conf 264160673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157154139 that extends conf 148513812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178721648 that extends conf 264160673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 338108597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1438326222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1438326222 originConf 338108597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785065237 that extends conf 1438326222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563608371 that extends conf 1785065237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730918320 that extends conf 1438326222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 166218684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941372582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1941372582 originConf 166218684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845395306 that extends conf 1941372582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374604865 that extends conf 1845395306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054767171 that extends conf 1941372582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1899199330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 731405594
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 731405594 originConf 1899199330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089324763 that extends conf 731405594 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959139593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 874104296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 874104296 originConf 1959139593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249471630 that extends conf 874104296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356413649 that extends conf 249471630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507536396 that extends conf 874104296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 968216771 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008999392
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1008999392 originConf 968216771
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855404245 that extends conf 1008999392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127339131 that extends conf 855404245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033235461 that extends conf 1008999392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 784771409 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 716417580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 716417580 originConf 784771409
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654150806 that extends conf 716417580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49529436 that extends conf 1654150806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838695057 that extends conf 716417580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1174442705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404071440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 404071440 originConf 1174442705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167746805 that extends conf 404071440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007467284 that extends conf 167746805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316033806 that extends conf 404071440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202117423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 107049334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 107049334 originConf 1202117423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459304231 that extends conf 107049334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675953243 that extends conf 459304231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462554227 that extends conf 107049334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1711271755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 696503384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 696503384 originConf 1711271755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882980735 that extends conf 696503384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327987111 that extends conf 1882980735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155288422 that extends conf 696503384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009949353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427349774
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 427349774 originConf 1009949353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255105088 that extends conf 427349774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443011924 that extends conf 1255105088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770524119 that extends conf 427349774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 728630076 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2079706992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 2079706992 originConf 728630076
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144660147 that extends conf 2079706992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353387512 that extends conf 1144660147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156494861 that extends conf 2079706992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
