msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1050149826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296654536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1296654536 originConf 1050149826
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173440626 that extends conf 1296654536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906549136 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642538759 that extends conf 1296654536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329481770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1338770454 originConf 329481770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979532928 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356476647 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524566446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 685219002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 685219002 originConf 524566446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631717345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006727288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1006727288 originConf 631717345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1188623367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790598448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1436944861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1436944861 originConf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 59382310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208350681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 208350681 originConf 59382310
msx-rc 0
