msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101721002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838627755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 838627755 originConf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120072844 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521389237 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 603401608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577682023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 577682023 originConf 603401608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778028150 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920321355 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760763936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724736957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 724736957 originConf 1760763936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81194567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1992525817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1992525817 originConf 81194567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774095232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 979117606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 979117606 originConf 774095232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046302571 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798180728 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969969319 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505964934 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84128777 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654546019 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 971532597 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067853445 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248689158 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821180833 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141941210 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43713876 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150453998 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339787381 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362705608 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388235884 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180883259 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650842694 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090940877 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568392199 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207420279 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671934703 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 163520838 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474402364 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103825792 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363288729 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195745098 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971786141 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594017290 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69917046 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968375466 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551444043 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68149266 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407071637 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352461855 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338083741 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
