msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 319125039 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765614634
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1765614634 originConf 319125039
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178682192 that extends conf 1765614634 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202991073 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 526083683
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 526083683 originConf 1202991073
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752192253 that extends conf 526083683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022229071 that extends conf 1752192253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511297731 that extends conf 526083683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185017469 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1024537707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1024537707 originConf 185017469
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467714123 that extends conf 1024537707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401991265 that extends conf 467714123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167835208 that extends conf 1024537707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582409565 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318754345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318754345 originConf 1582409565
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780388717 that extends conf 1318754345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885979460 that extends conf 1780388717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936180739 that extends conf 1318754345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1325725054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1262916271
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1262916271 originConf 1325725054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826905028 that extends conf 1262916271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085257679 that extends conf 826905028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732273349 that extends conf 1262916271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2046853507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 488871180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 488871180 originConf 2046853507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611335387 that extends conf 488871180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365794914 that extends conf 1611335387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865005045 that extends conf 488871180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2542491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733114711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1733114711 originConf 2542491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004979972 that extends conf 1733114711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592685877 that extends conf 2004979972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060745603 that extends conf 1733114711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926125394 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 14088903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 14088903 originConf 1926125394
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966395082 that extends conf 14088903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1886363711 that extends conf 1966395082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624160029 that extends conf 14088903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 791202508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1922114876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1922114876 originConf 791202508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 289776644 that extends conf 1922114876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108465207 that extends conf 289776644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779304476 that extends conf 1922114876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 884790164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145407225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1145407225 originConf 884790164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220893516 that extends conf 1145407225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041120332 that extends conf 220893516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54688387 that extends conf 1145407225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28869013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802722209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1802722209 originConf 28869013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102184382 that extends conf 1802722209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759058871 that extends conf 1102184382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013272353 that extends conf 1802722209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2065956066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163660221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 163660221 originConf 2065956066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656959082 that extends conf 163660221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5203106 that extends conf 656959082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556101731 that extends conf 163660221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 43074933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078378074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2078378074 originConf 43074933
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829341381 that extends conf 2078378074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338212414 that extends conf 1829341381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531600984 that extends conf 2078378074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
