msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8619436 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 887911792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 887911792 originConf 8619436
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961634734 that extends conf 887911792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963061585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 419834958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 419834958 originConf 963061585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018703165 that extends conf 419834958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146565997 that extends conf 2018703165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1990872903 that extends conf 419834958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607829921 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 410598451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 410598451 originConf 607829921
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000663271 that extends conf 410598451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278803364 that extends conf 2000663271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643857834 that extends conf 410598451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119305546 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 25247066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 25247066 originConf 119305546
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655346016 that extends conf 25247066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331950756 that extends conf 655346016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927028875 that extends conf 25247066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 902822904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1167470700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1167470700 originConf 902822904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959720134 that extends conf 1167470700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857784697 that extends conf 1959720134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 480069726 that extends conf 1167470700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 365220798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7619987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 7619987 originConf 365220798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892319917 that extends conf 7619987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013015052 that extends conf 892319917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441579924 that extends conf 7619987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1091843341 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 874764171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 874764171 originConf 1091843341
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200826878 that extends conf 874764171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089439235 that extends conf 200826878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062454766 that extends conf 874764171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 965817576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 929765547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 929765547 originConf 965817576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862607644 that extends conf 929765547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66417155 that extends conf 862607644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535909943 that extends conf 929765547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670450038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1937806133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1937806133 originConf 670450038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 314519395 that extends conf 1937806133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971604556 that extends conf 314519395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250240546 that extends conf 1937806133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 540156331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1496601361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1496601361 originConf 540156331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536469616 that extends conf 1496601361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354771042 that extends conf 1536469616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433454673 that extends conf 1496601361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesMoreThanOneBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
