msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEZWithRoot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 966544353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 517355658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 517355658 originConf 966544353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292138977 that extends conf 517355658 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343563528 that extends conf 517355658 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719072416 that extends conf 343563528 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1547116051 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1951500432 originConf 1547116051
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298557761 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091174258 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046716614 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046892799 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383833391 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407554136 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777032958 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800912675 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470743971 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007030034 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615477163 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125708464 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 53656276 that extends conf 1719072416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092469288 that extends conf 517355658 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884596178 that extends conf 517355658 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEZWithRoot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNestedEncryptionZones#testNestedEZWithRoot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
