msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStartupVersions#testVersions
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541993945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439032082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1439032082 originConf 1541993945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611327263 that extends conf 1439032082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1436293172 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1361401110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1361401110 originConf 1436293172
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85828778 that extends conf 1361401110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341892420 that extends conf 85828778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926578879 that extends conf 1361401110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 297310668 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665294325
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 665294325 originConf 297310668
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511587174 that extends conf 665294325 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1932308834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 890815292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 890815292 originConf 1932308834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376169034 that extends conf 890815292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836726973 that extends conf 1376169034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133940360 that extends conf 890815292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428514594 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 488906642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 488906642 originConf 1428514594
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749478084 that extends conf 488906642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786360202 that extends conf 1749478084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1362581605 that extends conf 488906642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1698943928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101950920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 101950920 originConf 1698943928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584956413 that extends conf 101950920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106838198 that extends conf 584956413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850550179 that extends conf 101950920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830309582 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1046537256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1046537256 originConf 1830309582
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716803647 that extends conf 1046537256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415523748 that extends conf 1716803647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753448452 that extends conf 1046537256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455009161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188019969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 188019969 originConf 455009161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962162950 that extends conf 188019969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414164898 that extends conf 962162950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142295456 that extends conf 188019969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17667056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1668428483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1668428483 originConf 17667056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032176189 that extends conf 1668428483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665000 that extends conf 1032176189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985008588 that extends conf 1668428483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 82750527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714357772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1714357772 originConf 82750527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277232462 that extends conf 1714357772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726778991 that extends conf 277232462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414936210 that extends conf 1714357772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620995425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566587100
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1566587100 originConf 1620995425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698685747 that extends conf 1566587100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489809216 that extends conf 1698685747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627208752 that extends conf 1566587100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697199772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544886341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1544886341 originConf 697199772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058510831 that extends conf 1544886341 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131478288 that extends conf 2058510831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170309823 that extends conf 1544886341 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 78476680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1965634321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1965634321 originConf 78476680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251294905 that extends conf 1965634321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783022725 that extends conf 1251294905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518172618 that extends conf 1965634321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 591954414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042325265
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2042325265 originConf 591954414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473578723 that extends conf 2042325265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405785465 that extends conf 473578723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964128204 that extends conf 2042325265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212374048 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191390534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1191390534 originConf 212374048
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825240779 that extends conf 1191390534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980381083 that extends conf 1825240779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987185392 that extends conf 1191390534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1780171343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 498274806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 498274806 originConf 1780171343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965311354 that extends conf 498274806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728880188 that extends conf 965311354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585741484 that extends conf 498274806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 147764839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44562769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 44562769 originConf 147764839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020867231 that extends conf 44562769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515258476 that extends conf 1020867231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64620438 that extends conf 44562769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1120678898 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 840415717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 840415717 originConf 1120678898
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202600512 that extends conf 840415717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159604390 that extends conf 202600512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938691457 that extends conf 840415717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1116181102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 550112060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 550112060 originConf 1116181102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28420236 that extends conf 550112060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100055844 that extends conf 28420236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70572829 that extends conf 550112060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 318725589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1035092733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1035092733 originConf 318725589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822840024 that extends conf 1035092733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816920031 that extends conf 1822840024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115033508 that extends conf 1035092733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 646207906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 784824836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 784824836 originConf 646207906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584702248 that extends conf 784824836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108054467 that extends conf 1584702248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540411455 that extends conf 784824836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 23472006 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1444271403
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1444271403 originConf 23472006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218454720 that extends conf 1444271403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448001694 that extends conf 218454720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509539798 that extends conf 1444271403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862555811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2080798775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 2080798775 originConf 1862555811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373925370 that extends conf 2080798775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162920592 that extends conf 373925370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231773113 that extends conf 2080798775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStartupVersions#testVersions
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStartupVersions#testVersions
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
