msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94960738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033306750
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1033306750 originConf 94960738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872548393 that extends conf 1033306750 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 519342228 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091516968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2091516968 originConf 519342228
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683084174 that extends conf 2091516968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262395292 that extends conf 1683084174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502610953 that extends conf 2091516968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554398808 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 11483185
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 11483185 originConf 1554398808
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500525879 that extends conf 11483185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812747486 that extends conf 1500525879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478357910 that extends conf 11483185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1843627768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 606918749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 606918749 originConf 1843627768
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887559158 that extends conf 606918749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253210071 that extends conf 1887559158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807310707 that extends conf 606918749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 187350454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1692584446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1692584446 originConf 187350454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593723943 that extends conf 1692584446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863628976 that extends conf 593723943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56949826 that extends conf 1692584446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1323731946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1762153083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1762153083 originConf 1323731946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109591697 that extends conf 1762153083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239180518 that extends conf 1109591697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9894886 that extends conf 1762153083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 216196069 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 403351805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 403351805 originConf 216196069
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768849048 that extends conf 403351805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393989962 that extends conf 768849048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631895111 that extends conf 403351805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1140821329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523244563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1523244563 originConf 1140821329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 958834631 that extends conf 1523244563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856442772 that extends conf 958834631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020543700 that extends conf 1523244563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68969859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 430270766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 430270766 originConf 68969859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232836273 that extends conf 430270766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1973976549 that extends conf 1232836273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471051664 that extends conf 430270766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66686972 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 57284976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 57284976 originConf 66686972
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588908299 that extends conf 57284976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352655859 that extends conf 1588908299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425367129 that extends conf 57284976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
