msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntimeWithoutQJournalQueue
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095490653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352359770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 352359770 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482052083 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813666644 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35984028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541285440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 541285440 originConf 35984028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552937500 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1667305539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 550147359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 550147359 originConf 1667305539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611373863 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919446210 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375466831 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853014815 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638686041 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932352736 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599975362 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116123076 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276177151 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302476408 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325248078 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824698362 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360901483 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1024587380 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457512875 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869666726 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885025665 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859690270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 792855998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 792855998 originConf 859690270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548946718 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191072174 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618718164 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710409102 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 792855998 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837601499 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1690050988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562764987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1562764987 originConf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377301456 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808884969 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438384156 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270722703 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859690270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648358364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 648358364 originConf 859690270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613514326 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 853752610 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728410920 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588203595 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438228197 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719547057 that extends conf 438228197 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476973576 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840940155 that extends conf 476973576 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1690050988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371440613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 371440613 originConf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497558532 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935660909 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829997012 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220438211 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399225534 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490630452 that extends conf 1399225534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857007886 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648630181 that extends conf 1857007886 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122520959 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043374992 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882030730 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590478501 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 590478501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269977283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 269977283 originConf 590478501
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812877614 that extends conf 269977283 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1025725835 that extends conf 269977283 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893095532 that extends conf 269977283 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550555964 that extends conf 269977283 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntimeWithoutQJournalQueue
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntimeWithoutQJournalQueue
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
