msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1939022383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195801026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 195801026 originConf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895766599 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967576586 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38056746 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678397568 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255569835 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496691266 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312404382 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793755732 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961422661 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934151012 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833796722 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744650252 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 496274253 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926133921 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324236943 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 636973204 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036764625 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214649627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806880779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806880779 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058483272 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662643436 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270326887 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926027290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1690050988 originConf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419125235 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542845410 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604239153 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469526197 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1690050988 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697460450 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416706187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 23076423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 23076423 originConf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856093404 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877652546 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084578426 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005019953 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779598031 that extends conf 416049054 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743219449 that extends conf 416049054 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108982313 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113243119 that extends conf 108982313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851255134 that extends conf 108982313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214649627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2049348234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2049348234 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435175610 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066916106 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112129145 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148138076 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037202079 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811880447 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105282397 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1926027290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1590481849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1590481849 originConf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482344533 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434280421 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153750989 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022778717 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416706187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775574071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 775574071 originConf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555628536 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099141115 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186196569 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 2146303527 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491152599 that extends conf 2146303527 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456265041 that extends conf 1186989416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166361824 that extends conf 1186989416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459369035 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614552515 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741288951 that extends conf 2049348234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501036152 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeBlockMissingRetry
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305490873 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696770430 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65362681 that extends conf 775574071 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeBlockMissingRetry
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeBlockMissingRetry
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
