msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161382705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1161382705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052399527 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410958248 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2012095985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178325065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 178325065 originConf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123418227 that extends conf 1970856042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078154554 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058174333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1225970981 originConf 2058174333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523034648 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326998608 that extends conf 1523034648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73608444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 73608444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741370455 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[13]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
