msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1936375962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1423752095 originConf 1936375962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906347731 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1580874189 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494414526 that extends conf 1580874189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590404373 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 1580874189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 369333979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 35068320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 35068320 originConf 369333979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145302895 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1632300236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455064947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1455064947 originConf 1632300236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499825229 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634638280 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929482343 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1247127272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1589214445 originConf 1247127272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007138812 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739703515 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445999733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 425107133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 425107133 originConf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075133112 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27053221 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368802354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161118423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 161118423 originConf 368802354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726107869 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744579245 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
