msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadUCFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881901842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1881901842 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1881901842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009916891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1862674654 originConf 1009916891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2028036437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203472514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 203472514 originConf 2028036437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 203472514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 1028811481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 203472514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1055104416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 738174829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 738174829 originConf 1055104416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 22040992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653515020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 653515020 originConf 22040992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1949126165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65438140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 65438140 originConf 1949126165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114270481 that extends conf 65438140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 2114270481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530410619 that extends conf 65438140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1465179762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1465179762 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadUCFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadUCFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
