msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560465923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1177101170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1377160602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1377160602 originConf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305552520 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611502040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594195094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 594195094 originConf 611502040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704214570 that extends conf 1655955258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847606512 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 682981033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 379430898
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 379430898 originConf 682981033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 379430898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308021294 that extends conf 939475028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 379430898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 318659320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437708911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 437708911 originConf 318659320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826816557 that extends conf 437708911 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1236059274 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783083863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 783083863 originConf 1236059274
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162343504 that extends conf 783083863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680580829 that extends conf 162343504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716899951 that extends conf 783083863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 150442482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1870066462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1870066462 originConf 150442482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570699649 that extends conf 1870066462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882942565 that extends conf 1570699649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641744550 that extends conf 1870066462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 377445955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1732326187
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1732326187 originConf 377445955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821383368 that extends conf 1732326187 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151755293 that extends conf 821383368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517822500 that extends conf 1732326187 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079545925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 154050748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 154050748 originConf 1079545925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253134415 that extends conf 154050748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251460061 that extends conf 253134415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945239614 that extends conf 154050748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1866676203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727553456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1727553456 originConf 1866676203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207719950 that extends conf 1727553456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450869983 that extends conf 1207719950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614618699 that extends conf 1727553456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555724468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75258532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 75258532 originConf 1555724468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661966710 that extends conf 75258532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881440397 that extends conf 1661966710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285939413 that extends conf 75258532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373144067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398550289
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1398550289 originConf 1373144067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149037762 that extends conf 1398550289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291804262 that extends conf 1149037762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570200765 that extends conf 1398550289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1212828795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1937660654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1937660654 originConf 1212828795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184160766 that extends conf 1937660654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784618762 that extends conf 1184160766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179619667 that extends conf 1937660654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2037799402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1172399090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1172399090 originConf 2037799402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006682421 that extends conf 1172399090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777346902 that extends conf 2006682421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220423092 that extends conf 1172399090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
