msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencingWithReplication#testFencingStress
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 422330142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775514090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 775514090 originConf 422330142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030411960 that extends conf 775514090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2002790740 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742255664
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 742255664 originConf 2002790740
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705665942 that extends conf 742255664 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1667534569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1170111701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1170111701 originConf 1667534569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224060798 that extends conf 1170111701 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1160487387 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665137804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 665137804 originConf 1160487387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 665137804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927499639 that extends conf 1928621590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701487403 that extends conf 665137804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002041276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203472514 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069584108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1107404311 originConf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencingWithReplication#testFencingStress
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDNFencingWithReplication#testFencingStress
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
