msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427646530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 702061917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 702061917 originConf 1427646530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179792105 that extends conf 702061917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 725832346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1527007086 originConf 725832346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865858182 that extends conf 1527007086 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375074687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1380044647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1380044647 originConf 375074687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174586025 that extends conf 1380044647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144699438 that extends conf 1174586025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373949107 that extends conf 1380044647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 968957548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 968957548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914740115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 700348233
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 700348233 originConf 1914740115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691096777 that extends conf 700348233 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704600661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 1704600661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 893320639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577442875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 577442875 originConf 893320639
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 1868987089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613281005 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1231036290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 621486957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 621486957 originConf 1231036290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559559860 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465179762 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468357786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1799831668
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1799831668 originConf 1468357786
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468357786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1529842358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1529842358 originConf 1468357786
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithMultipleNameNodes#testUnevenDistribution
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
