msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434015813 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605705199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 605705199 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 517693873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 257718694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 257718694 originConf 517693873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 52487168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1857910993 originConf 52487168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626626764 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862674654 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050275256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1957282992 originConf 2050275256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 589309113 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1107772887 originConf 589309113
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468776694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2063009760 originConf 468776694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865617081 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 50345623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761863997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 761863997 originConf 50345623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368153528 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374646930 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357653585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988179589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 988179589 originConf 357653585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220432328 that extends conf 988179589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738111983 that extends conf 988179589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1677984391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977522995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 977522995 originConf 1677984391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951677655 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161113555 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836913762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 166053730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 166053730 originConf 1836913762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507170251 that extends conf 166053730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73080279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484353114
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 484353114 originConf 73080279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168441394 that extends conf 484353114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758404012 that extends conf 168441394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044289156 that extends conf 484353114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137969549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 969410300
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 969410300 originConf 1137969549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231617073 that extends conf 969410300 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537428985 that extends conf 231617073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318150804 that extends conf 969410300 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 951403829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1563015768
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1563015768 originConf 951403829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112862776 that extends conf 1563015768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505146575 that extends conf 2112862776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033166382 that extends conf 1563015768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 583379203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285946073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 285946073 originConf 583379203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055950679 that extends conf 285946073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477980597 that extends conf 1055950679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072420882 that extends conf 285946073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1388572207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 629676996
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 629676996 originConf 1388572207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526518411 that extends conf 629676996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095715587 that extends conf 526518411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907100578 that extends conf 629676996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164186666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1193357957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1193357957 originConf 164186666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601169304 that extends conf 1193357957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453018124 that extends conf 601169304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243972601 that extends conf 1193357957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740926606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 479897274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 479897274 originConf 740926606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371788140 that extends conf 479897274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314105555 that extends conf 371788140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550991622 that extends conf 479897274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848629958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 222879142
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 222879142 originConf 848629958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049398730 that extends conf 222879142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028046937 that extends conf 2049398730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678032151 that extends conf 222879142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 713744947 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 53451946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 53451946 originConf 713744947
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54983822 that extends conf 53451946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 815180439 that extends conf 54983822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075095059 that extends conf 53451946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1141169671 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880534611
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 880534611 originConf 1141169671
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616784550 that extends conf 880534611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112140241 that extends conf 616784550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017441518 that extends conf 880534611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 69640501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724021564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 724021564 originConf 69640501
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917265862 that extends conf 724021564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488340030 that extends conf 917265862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750397810 that extends conf 724021564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8389126 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899911958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1899911958 originConf 8389126
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072427811 that extends conf 1899911958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019874740 that extends conf 1072427811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083069734 that extends conf 1899911958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711416970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75357046
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 75357046 originConf 711416970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430150359 that extends conf 75357046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501473364 that extends conf 1430150359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188922742 that extends conf 75357046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678832015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 815859803
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 815859803 originConf 678832015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222290795 that extends conf 815859803 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 72918289 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1799274348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1799274348 originConf 72918289
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789284857 that extends conf 1799274348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134764639 that extends conf 1789284857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731255832 that extends conf 1799274348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 65529026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1151035568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1151035568 originConf 65529026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153230012 that extends conf 1151035568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460484795 that extends conf 1153230012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158517529 that extends conf 1151035568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380758828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697521252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 697521252 originConf 380758828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308334176 that extends conf 697521252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277256825 that extends conf 1308334176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317081593 that extends conf 697521252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1609530096 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 579753286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 579753286 originConf 1609530096
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589173851 that extends conf 579753286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931551154 that extends conf 1589173851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78208670 that extends conf 579753286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1275280686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61390515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 61390515 originConf 1275280686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56273791 that extends conf 61390515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696761036 that extends conf 56273791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087084245 that extends conf 61390515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371077235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807236619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 1807236619 originConf 371077235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707992638 that extends conf 1807236619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461117115 that extends conf 1707992638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141216502 that extends conf 1807236619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2054190026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794834752
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 794834752 originConf 2054190026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783738400 that extends conf 794834752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906701518 that extends conf 783738400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214963282 that extends conf 794834752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 308429065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086139683
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 1086139683 originConf 308429065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572753766 that extends conf 1086139683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428993664 that extends conf 572753766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433231103 that extends conf 1086139683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222114198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 737698222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.34 uniqueConf 737698222 originConf 1222114198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353176770 that extends conf 737698222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994149587 that extends conf 1353176770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794095958 that extends conf 737698222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 980854146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531924981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.35 uniqueConf 1531924981 originConf 980854146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535303304 that extends conf 1531924981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1257863460 that extends conf 535303304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977460760 that extends conf 1531924981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195961580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638162816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.36 uniqueConf 1638162816 originConf 195961580
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437797622 that extends conf 1638162816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506492096 that extends conf 437797622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1148285955 that extends conf 1638162816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 235097744 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1592002384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.37 uniqueConf 1592002384 originConf 235097744
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635626456 that extends conf 1592002384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557090759 that extends conf 1635626456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151397622 that extends conf 1592002384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1422275320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2019811706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.38 uniqueConf 2019811706 originConf 1422275320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411190002 that extends conf 2019811706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60426074 that extends conf 411190002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047496855 that extends conf 2019811706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.38's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testNNSendsErasureCodingTasks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
