msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842943543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1445999733 originConf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269339945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 386201215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 386201215 originConf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526296937 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711105800 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439720255 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624355359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1303362110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1303362110 originConf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091586824 that extends conf 905940937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582702662 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021854618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788432625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1788432625 originConf 2021854618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882962176 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331946439 that extends conf 882962176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318209130 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 158460163 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1315038402
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1315038402 originConf 158460163
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846345504 that extends conf 1315038402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255839577 that extends conf 1846345504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876259196 that extends conf 1315038402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 827099978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46415544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 46415544 originConf 827099978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380361139 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871989809 that extends conf 1380361139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557982257 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 418299920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850301256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1850301256 originConf 418299920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653774328 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018270965 that extends conf 653774328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070740013 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253380088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1492156162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1492156162 originConf 253380088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987950392 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710000932 that extends conf 987950392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890733699 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730575236 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:44086: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:44086: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
