msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1521673391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1584425531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1584425531 originConf 1521673391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989510849 that extends conf 1584425531 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215386155 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761920165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 761920165 originConf 215386155
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574096661 that extends conf 761920165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216961383 that extends conf 1574096661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475822691 that extends conf 761920165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 642767393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1408775374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1408775374 originConf 642767393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298248877 that extends conf 1408775374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236006346 that extends conf 1298248877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664394238 that extends conf 1408775374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1832492219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 503415725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 503415725 originConf 1832492219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621564304 that extends conf 503415725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003857233 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116439611
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 116439611 originConf 1003857233
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196504312 that extends conf 116439611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522709977 that extends conf 196504312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374008648 that extends conf 116439611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 615541941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878526753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 878526753 originConf 615541941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815526897 that extends conf 878526753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972875507 that extends conf 1815526897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621623396 that extends conf 878526753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168032638 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 763423439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 763423439 originConf 1168032638
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1051274799 that extends conf 763423439 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1460203170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1645887645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1645887645 originConf 1460203170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305896966 that extends conf 1645887645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917973495 that extends conf 1305896966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904509187 that extends conf 1645887645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560081784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 461907530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 461907530 originConf 560081784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608257003 that extends conf 461907530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487417799 that extends conf 608257003 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481328602 that extends conf 461907530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 993032099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1142177375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1142177375 originConf 993032099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104773172 that extends conf 1142177375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43591618 that extends conf 2104773172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950306651 that extends conf 1142177375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1031921562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405390853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 405390853 originConf 1031921562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880691639 that extends conf 405390853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 737226446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030383713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2030383713 originConf 737226446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933382235 that extends conf 2030383713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147744366 that extends conf 1933382235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827262267 that extends conf 2030383713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1879256030 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 931751561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 931751561 originConf 1879256030
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723236583 that extends conf 931751561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211803712 that extends conf 723236583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509775158 that extends conf 931751561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 100942146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 245898850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 245898850 originConf 100942146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093142611 that extends conf 245898850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836092236 that extends conf 1093142611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631392856 that extends conf 245898850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1706599937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407115148
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1407115148 originConf 1706599937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089395370 that extends conf 1407115148 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1823860419 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 710929644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 710929644 originConf 1823860419
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794952239 that extends conf 710929644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19045757 that extends conf 1794952239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001165489 that extends conf 710929644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687249827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 590005797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 590005797 originConf 687249827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026935136 that extends conf 590005797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613296492 that extends conf 2026935136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462675873 that extends conf 590005797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1569302856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 390487612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 390487612 originConf 1569302856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167438957 that extends conf 390487612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915767495 that extends conf 167438957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593962511 that extends conf 390487612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631034490 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774548999
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1774548999 originConf 631034490
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716358282 that extends conf 1774548999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127978343 that extends conf 716358282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128650164 that extends conf 1774548999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010853521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1993687357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1993687357 originConf 1010853521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737422655 that extends conf 1993687357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 159776132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917038262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 917038262 originConf 159776132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1575460069 that extends conf 917038262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667596892 that extends conf 1575460069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578371006 that extends conf 917038262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841826839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724861602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 724861602 originConf 841826839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246236014 that extends conf 724861602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725979207 that extends conf 246236014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692847 that extends conf 724861602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 658463519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2053408807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 2053408807 originConf 658463519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535767326 that extends conf 2053408807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446523270 that extends conf 535767326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630952305 that extends conf 2053408807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285510015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1085026532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1085026532 originConf 285510015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562201974 that extends conf 1085026532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082482188 that extends conf 562201974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624288220 that extends conf 1085026532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 483424668 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1113939906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1113939906 originConf 483424668
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63057433 that extends conf 1113939906 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54184446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505562743
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 505562743 originConf 54184446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164851270 that extends conf 505562743 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27632340 that extends conf 1164851270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510872875 that extends conf 505562743 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 291122912 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103148660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 103148660 originConf 291122912
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536475883 that extends conf 103148660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470754867 that extends conf 1536475883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344562687 that extends conf 103148660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73908407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 244907371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 244907371 originConf 73908407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472573141 that extends conf 244907371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698279870 that extends conf 1472573141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216267971 that extends conf 244907371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeStorageDirectives#testTargetStorageTypes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
