msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMissingLogs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2095490653 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2095490653 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170144208 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33533830 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1100399456 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1100399456 originConf 1100399456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082557120 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149225732 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1957099969 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1957099969 originConf 1957099969
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195801026 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328264296 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323092785 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913168544 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18856607 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691991774 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398036705 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691492931 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686052011 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226189426 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380499062 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421284663 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186737709 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216075914 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 760746055 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409606355 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 15477956 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 15477956 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675686690 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053314426 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375947248 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1495161082 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100263263 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312652463 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484209791 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327840833 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691505772 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220520023 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953579191 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513184758 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988863791 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162873429 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 15477956 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 2006842965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2006842965 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333529571 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321449947 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048436498 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720341252 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164394344 that extends conf 1366581056 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1495161082 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1776486598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1776486598 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612496268 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563721311 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856176837 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815122389 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 1184694332 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 1472012329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 856589643 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674644119 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050011358 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMissingLogs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMissingLogs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
