msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 252615006 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163385254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 163385254 originConf 252615006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1068232840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 417875774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254955665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656349395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 656349395 originConf 254955665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554877309 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011481270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1814908102 originConf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2107706203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1112940474 originConf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
