msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileStandbyIsDown
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227755469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 227755469 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819940427 that extends conf 227755469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086068243 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188791662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1687627235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1687627235 originConf 188791662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388802347 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627010197 that extends conf 388802347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156199931 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1372137902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 85121323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 85121323 originConf 1372137902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245530164 that extends conf 369901249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileStandbyIsDown
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileStandbyIsDown
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
