msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278205037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1797179612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1797179612 originConf 278205037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459696158 that extends conf 1797179612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 279990766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249224962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1249224962 originConf 279990766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484372693 that extends conf 1249224962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642342026 that extends conf 1484372693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890045204 that extends conf 1249224962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 31738171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 967960588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 967960588 originConf 31738171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698720009 that extends conf 967960588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527005908 that extends conf 1698720009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454921967 that extends conf 967960588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1227494341 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1004334604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1004334604 originConf 1227494341
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347767929 that extends conf 1004334604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719615102 that extends conf 347767929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562806409 that extends conf 1004334604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1940778339 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 725048444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 725048444 originConf 1940778339
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558576667 that extends conf 725048444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611732322 that extends conf 1558576667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053683626 that extends conf 725048444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472028022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1012721605
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1012721605 originConf 1472028022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054894855 that extends conf 1012721605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893774081 that extends conf 2054894855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517221797 that extends conf 1012721605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1058131422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75306626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 75306626 originConf 1058131422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170235483 that extends conf 75306626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410734272 that extends conf 170235483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460779150 that extends conf 75306626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713566137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510804957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 510804957 originConf 1713566137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378949818 that extends conf 510804957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066942713 that extends conf 1378949818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069232681 that extends conf 510804957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1695037820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2072251847
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2072251847 originConf 1695037820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037917687 that extends conf 2072251847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177258071 that extends conf 2037917687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76600065 that extends conf 2072251847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1741999650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861399699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 861399699 originConf 1741999650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338457289 that extends conf 861399699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401635032 that extends conf 1338457289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377322455 that extends conf 861399699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278205037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293869727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 293869727 originConf 278205037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520472376 that extends conf 293869727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226863524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1569310282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1569310282 originConf 226863524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014572190 that extends conf 1569310282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291208352 that extends conf 1014572190 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217788297 that extends conf 1569310282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240423953 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133811711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 133811711 originConf 1240423953
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026624633 that extends conf 133811711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271683584 that extends conf 2026624633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519492227 that extends conf 133811711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 624870497 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1763398429
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1763398429 originConf 624870497
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227979113 that extends conf 1763398429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441127102 that extends conf 1227979113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547214242 that extends conf 1763398429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 137875628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 686115635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 686115635 originConf 137875628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991234050 that extends conf 686115635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266954342 that extends conf 1991234050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556940117 that extends conf 686115635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1476077507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 849028808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 849028808 originConf 1476077507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 714461682 that extends conf 849028808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521937280 that extends conf 714461682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68617305 that extends conf 849028808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1501056111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 922014665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 922014665 originConf 1501056111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517027723 that extends conf 922014665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790281155 that extends conf 517027723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514017528 that extends conf 922014665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
