msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1697281847 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1100619942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1100619942 originConf 1697281847
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985028494 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1985028494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389779746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1086323658 originConf 389779746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911138454 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1028472807 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816468636 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701166114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1774468680 originConf 701166114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3392189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1628289406 originConf 3392189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295055909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1533672820 originConf 295055909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809129176 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658785779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1951500432 originConf 1658785779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907467420 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604342290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2057077925 originConf 1604342290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437983537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2107706203 originConf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
