msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708153797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387620926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1387620926 originConf 708153797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753426788 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698747943 that extends conf 753426788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622613647 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981159997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205419533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1205419533 originConf 981159997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 923013679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202081661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275754769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 275754769 originConf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048128739 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203472514 that extends conf 1048128739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656349395 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710191146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704214570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1815025408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1815025408 originConf 1704214570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847606512 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612853208 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 422134367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1561347421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1561347421 originConf 422134367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278879704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 423711439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 423711439 originConf 278879704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374646930 that extends conf 423711439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075082007 that extends conf 374646930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988179589 that extends conf 423711439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541075662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 324579982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 324579982 originConf 1541075662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639467920 that extends conf 324579982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969856053 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211199210 that extends conf 324579982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
