msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1782440676 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1861715060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1861715060 originConf 1782440676
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590118369 that extends conf 1861715060 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647141672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525675331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 525675331 originConf 1647141672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689766781 that extends conf 525675331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978347443 that extends conf 1689766781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794421660 that extends conf 525675331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1345315926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 413819457
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 413819457 originConf 1345315926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301180241 that extends conf 413819457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079008682 that extends conf 301180241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959308032 that extends conf 413819457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708848065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 688290798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 688290798 originConf 708848065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196197888 that extends conf 688290798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115751672 that extends conf 1196197888 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926581442 that extends conf 688290798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058896033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13877338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 13877338 originConf 2058896033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108302558 that extends conf 13877338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156099810 that extends conf 2108302558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786528386 that extends conf 13877338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 282548602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 513959117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 513959117 originConf 282548602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761046077 that extends conf 513959117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354428562 that extends conf 761046077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978804491 that extends conf 513959117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033232511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1592336883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1592336883 originConf 1033232511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233441047 that extends conf 1592336883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859085031 that extends conf 233441047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407947806 that extends conf 1592336883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 288860213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1669330614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1669330614 originConf 288860213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061484220 that extends conf 1669330614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024696284 that extends conf 1061484220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374844185 that extends conf 1669330614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 177765496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1701339622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1701339622 originConf 177765496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925123044 that extends conf 1701339622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093444662 that extends conf 925123044 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174427950 that extends conf 1701339622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 754504442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369016952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1369016952 originConf 754504442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066493917 that extends conf 1369016952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28460126 that extends conf 1066493917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404065964 that extends conf 1369016952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneCell
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
