msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210281271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76659128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76659128 originConf 210281271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 76659128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2061226112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443173326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1443173326 originConf 2061226112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817054343 that extends conf 1443173326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393198164 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418851979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1538462491 originConf 1418851979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 824900551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896708863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1896708863 originConf 824900551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205496410 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196025267 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1530870688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1530870688 originConf 196025267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 1530870688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 1073878937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488669101 that extends conf 1530870688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 929985841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407747276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 407747276 originConf 929985841
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300104620 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 184133791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 184133791 originConf 300104620
msx-rc 0
