msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 980533504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 980533504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816397102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823758059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 823758059 originConf 1816397102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3886839 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 930317866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 998283025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 998283025 originConf 930317866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 1406004470 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1896558831 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404036116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 404036116 originConf 1896558831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14633842 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933077874 that extends conf 14633842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
