msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testEnd2End
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299623992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1534253736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1534253736 originConf 1299623992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224510767 that extends conf 1534253736 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 445339061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1886248574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1886248574 originConf 445339061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423382419 that extends conf 1886248574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267623065 that extends conf 1423382419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 299711633 that extends conf 1886248574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1954385208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714663203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1714663203 originConf 1954385208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322924409 that extends conf 1714663203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345615200 that extends conf 1322924409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243304518 that extends conf 1714663203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808155018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007184288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1007184288 originConf 1808155018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776692128 that extends conf 1007184288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234174140 that extends conf 776692128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641947820 that extends conf 1007184288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367829829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 401533933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 401533933 originConf 1367829829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190547264 that extends conf 401533933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729323756 that extends conf 190547264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050095197 that extends conf 401533933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1652575637 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1508948632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1508948632 originConf 1652575637
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928287787 that extends conf 1508948632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433176004 that extends conf 1928287787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77675562 that extends conf 1508948632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 620211012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 412673030
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 412673030 originConf 620211012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404676793 that extends conf 412673030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625657418 that extends conf 1404676793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244184111 that extends conf 412673030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1169979374 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 16516138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 16516138 originConf 1169979374
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878602436 that extends conf 16516138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852236378 that extends conf 878602436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118114382 that extends conf 16516138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 349702906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 776917960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 776917960 originConf 349702906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162742018 that extends conf 776917960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84401800 that extends conf 162742018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943787320 that extends conf 776917960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612564130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 448187218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 448187218 originConf 1612564130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989424995 that extends conf 448187218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338672917 that extends conf 989424995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870035433 that extends conf 448187218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208032945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 717617890
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 717617890 originConf 208032945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931777181 that extends conf 717617890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570014097 that extends conf 1931777181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703840238 that extends conf 717617890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1026384274 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76889803
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 76889803 originConf 1026384274
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52582574 that extends conf 76889803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285586408 that extends conf 52582574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78689920 that extends conf 76889803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1122690366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923953166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1923953166 originConf 1122690366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451404846 that extends conf 1923953166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679216093 that extends conf 1451404846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020355814 that extends conf 1923953166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 526516536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2137574011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2137574011 originConf 526516536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811930099 that extends conf 2137574011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312715489 that extends conf 1811930099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681782887 that extends conf 2137574011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1461331895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1058029798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1058029798 originConf 1461331895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966278798 that extends conf 1058029798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691760794 that extends conf 966278798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384614683 that extends conf 1058029798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082308060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1982465702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1982465702 originConf 2082308060
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082308060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106257606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 106257606 originConf 2082308060
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082308060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1199542293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.3 uniqueConf 1199542293 originConf 2082308060
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082308060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 120380062
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.4 uniqueConf 120380062 originConf 2082308060
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testEnd2End
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testEnd2End
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
