msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN0TriggersLogRolls[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437654187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103103526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 103103526 originConf 1437654187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177140066 that extends conf 103103526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143571436 that extends conf 103103526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117099736 that extends conf 2143571436 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691863815 that extends conf 2143571436 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103787801 that extends conf 103103526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205580258 that extends conf 103787801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959451969 that extends conf 103787801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 777313177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327895505
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1327895505 originConf 777313177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357686726 that extends conf 1327895505 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259319861 that extends conf 1327895505 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52913970 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059634518 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836969741 that extends conf 1327895505 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436094532 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567852222 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541433310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405036720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 405036720 originConf 1541433310
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673672784 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577127077 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122357625 that extends conf 577127077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556162268 that extends conf 577127077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650332494 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 1650332494 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 1650332494 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN0TriggersLogRolls[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testNN0TriggersLogRolls[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
