msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423586012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803768841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 803768841 originConf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161982472 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991386317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312565954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 312565954 originConf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078154554 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356476647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2007138812 originConf 356476647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 726416425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73608444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 73608444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741370455 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testAssumptionFailure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: got: <false>, expected: is <true>
msx-listener stackTrace: org.junit.internal.AssumptionViolatedException: got: <false>, expected: is <true>
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
