msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212924259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 212924259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368802354 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726780304 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1754451055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1688917723 originConf 1754451055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303362110 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019009267 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757779849 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 30563356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1123862502 originConf 30563356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26418585 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804872134 that extends conf 26418585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366811528 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955502880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 448569108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 448569108 originConf 1955502880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 946884592 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193864812 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897801829 that extends conf 448569108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794068152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66231846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66231846 originConf 1794068152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990226843 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 990226843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15912555 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856643544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1996556848 originConf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492947164 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807053698 that extends conf 492947164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362435880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1649829954 originConf 1362435880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18601987 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169049466 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112073835 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080561710 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:36301: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:36301: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[20]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
