msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378918544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451264559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 451264559 originConf 1378918544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288360403 that extends conf 451264559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702210045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1467510729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1467510729 originConf 1702210045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143126780 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987009404 that extends conf 1143126780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725157011 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1491965630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228333228
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1228333228 originConf 1491965630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034236921 that extends conf 1228333228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672290781 that extends conf 2034236921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704638840 that extends conf 1228333228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 138850138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1337206170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1337206170 originConf 138850138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475061126 that extends conf 1337206170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593236969 that extends conf 1475061126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096238333 that extends conf 1337206170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2023876208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1378897261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1378897261 originConf 2023876208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317260683 that extends conf 1378897261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520520593 that extends conf 317260683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688642830 that extends conf 1378897261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 192313540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1189093479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1189093479 originConf 192313540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762773672 that extends conf 1189093479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560786090 that extends conf 1762773672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501333968 that extends conf 1189093479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233399219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562580310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1562580310 originConf 233399219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531710382 that extends conf 1562580310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140100094 that extends conf 531710382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124552932 that extends conf 1562580310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 290897528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1701508004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1701508004 originConf 290897528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219588340 that extends conf 1701508004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613632038 that extends conf 219588340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485902622 that extends conf 1701508004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533249361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 564862127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 564862127 originConf 1533249361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879812289 that extends conf 564862127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272853020 that extends conf 879812289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091835403 that extends conf 564862127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 307686938 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1229431326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1229431326 originConf 307686938
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863908913 that extends conf 1229431326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904301046 that extends conf 863908913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147876105 that extends conf 1229431326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 549079315 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 398940856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 398940856 originConf 549079315
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737936752 that extends conf 398940856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848253977 that extends conf 737936752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823844692 that extends conf 398940856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1345763442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754116428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 754116428 originConf 1345763442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64681838 that extends conf 754116428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113683240 that extends conf 64681838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717339138 that extends conf 754116428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
