msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255109302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1855734078 originConf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048128739 that extends conf 1989332276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 103118806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1250644519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402207819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 402207819 originConf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115087165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1727424614 originConf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121466124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 961983234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 961983234 originConf 121466124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215478702 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37268876 that extends conf 215478702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400582895 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1425405511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 663043299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 663043299 originConf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273093268 that extends conf 663043299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592129547 that extends conf 1273093268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55978159 that extends conf 663043299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
