msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605705199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 605705199 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3886839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623051334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 623051334 originConf 3886839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1756160273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1229184766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1229184766 originConf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251285265 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499418021 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810196347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880533231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 880533231 originConf 810196347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624693846 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238994373 that extends conf 624693846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 249515830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1625901537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1625901537 originConf 249515830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355649049 that extends conf 930900166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641030345 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680150616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725266971
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1725266971 originConf 680150616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991094835 that extends conf 1725266971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618683794 that extends conf 1991094835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021835850 that extends conf 1725266971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
