msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStripedFileCorruptBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9190301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623009085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1623009085 originConf 9190301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1623009085 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123226989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645875534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 645875534 originConf 1123226989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556162268 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1556162268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335061928 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984412970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 100708535
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 100708535 originConf 984412970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076855029 that extends conf 100708535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 1076855029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 100708535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128266449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 758465579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 758465579 originConf 1128266449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 758465579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 492252770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 758465579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405488475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827579900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 827579900 originConf 405488475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 827579900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 3392189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 827579900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStripedFileCorruptBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testStripedFileCorruptBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
