msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195984832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123960023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2123960023 originConf 195984832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286649365 that extends conf 2123960023 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1091781053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1409342262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1409342262 originConf 1091781053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268599241 that extends conf 1409342262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347808407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 347808407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 22668134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3886839 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495257933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1495257933 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 1161382705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882348832 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1913017282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 359806817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 359806817 originConf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260127127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1743553655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1743553655 originConf 1260127127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767532961 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731610911 that extends conf 1767532961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 492947164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1468192631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1468192631 originConf 492947164
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955948959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076462213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1076462213 originConf 1955948959
msx-rc 0
