msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1399530366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541180884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1541180884 originConf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86342729 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478206790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845753259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 845753259 originConf 478206790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359457691 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985122182 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230178027 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059266052 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091857200 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139838943 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903901519 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462992575 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255924147 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748247399 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149262813 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154735307 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120396542 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873865025 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242908788 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12423627 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1451152018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622952447
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1622952447 originConf 1451152018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057270125 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038648731 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77032755 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701412648 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093757737 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192521350 that extends conf 1093757737 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028928999 that extends conf 1622952447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476765730 that extends conf 2028928999 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1772259414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 825401121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 825401121 originConf 1772259414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954773792 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094565693 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186534559 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733231201 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121816470 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946575380 that extends conf 2121816470 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980257717 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521916659 that extends conf 980257717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1451152018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 503574007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 503574007 originConf 1451152018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126096950 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721655291 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215050753 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123914720 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803540737 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392248852 that extends conf 1803540737 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899446523 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396287355 that extends conf 1899446523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1772259414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 817016227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 817016227 originConf 1772259414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257117773 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427993498 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1796152218 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073335829 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377591401 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428640145 that extends conf 1377591401 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896671081 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112908179 that extends conf 1896671081 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 316028586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1078472438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1078472438 originConf 316028586
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappings
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
