msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564893839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1676010932 originConf 564893839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1462928549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 160696258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 160696258 originConf 1462928549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697463019 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920321355 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573496010 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030184296 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194435397 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711853052 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174913995 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131300799 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497249221 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615236571 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609971965 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272329199 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708338683 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002912099 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268661739 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475033580 that extends conf 160696258 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319101 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485135810 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
