msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1483145520
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1483145520 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198098993 that extends conf 1483145520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124494140 that extends conf 198098993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1483145520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1086323658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944752500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 944752500 originConf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137078855 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540476618 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028472807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 226586078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 226586078 originConf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247644034 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1774468680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 456785282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 456785282 originConf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 456785282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 456785282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296928719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1290614253 originConf 1296928719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984567559 that extends conf 1290614253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 984567559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 1290614253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
