msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1113895488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523649562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1523649562 originConf 1113895488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 647973805 that extends conf 1523649562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475394679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1049590050 originConf 475394679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739264372 that extends conf 1049590050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1373949107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1373949107 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 1373949107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1716164115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145066402 that extends conf 1373949107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 986944742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724028528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 724028528 originConf 986944742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61304908 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalCreateSnapshot1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
