msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125658327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2098199346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2098199346 originConf 1125658327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113821400 that extends conf 2098199346 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 445021035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708528096
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 708528096 originConf 445021035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890973266 that extends conf 708528096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080920098 that extends conf 890973266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639911097 that extends conf 708528096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831097960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 398321205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 398321205 originConf 1831097960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635868011 that extends conf 398321205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940826454 that extends conf 635868011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777188111 that extends conf 398321205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794322268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553965278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 553965278 originConf 794322268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889505672 that extends conf 553965278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724521602 that extends conf 889505672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291695749 that extends conf 553965278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 910269506 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 298862186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 298862186 originConf 910269506
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524477422 that extends conf 298862186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632224941 that extends conf 524477422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028187605 that extends conf 298862186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 757697601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45533007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 45533007 originConf 757697601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583951460 that extends conf 45533007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867440757 that extends conf 1583951460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397938118 that extends conf 45533007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679926867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418521132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 418521132 originConf 1679926867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005011458 that extends conf 418521132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230384669 that extends conf 2005011458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1329431437 that extends conf 418521132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1849253524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 732749275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 732749275 originConf 1849253524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182870261 that extends conf 732749275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157270002 that extends conf 182870261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876128739 that extends conf 732749275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914207001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1251031951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1251031951 originConf 1914207001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582588918 that extends conf 1251031951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742768054 that extends conf 1582588918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564585344 that extends conf 1251031951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808442988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 909677147
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 909677147 originConf 1808442988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520090635 that extends conf 909677147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194977617 that extends conf 1520090635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729936939 that extends conf 909677147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1316213793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2010544914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2010544914 originConf 1316213793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339153202 that extends conf 2010544914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035885310 that extends conf 339153202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416450434 that extends conf 2010544914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223199537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1486787638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1486787638 originConf 1223199537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497863766 that extends conf 1486787638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557254157 that extends conf 1497863766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796028795 that extends conf 1486787638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 407572097 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 614362828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 614362828 originConf 407572097
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578454767 that extends conf 614362828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449529487 that extends conf 578454767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342203087 that extends conf 614362828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577481889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 846125682
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 846125682 originConf 577481889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933407403 that extends conf 846125682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553232271 that extends conf 933407403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202214421 that extends conf 846125682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 513943623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1102346548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1102346548 originConf 513943623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821183950 that extends conf 1102346548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084127620 that extends conf 821183950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440951204 that extends conf 1102346548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125658327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227949201
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1227949201 originConf 1125658327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18523608 that extends conf 1227949201 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
