msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileEqualToOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427651360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1149377174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1149377174 originConf 1427651360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766869737 that extends conf 1149377174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527882132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749486981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 749486981 originConf 1527882132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829460911 that extends conf 749486981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321772459 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 749486981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363800072 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727497138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 727497138 originConf 1363800072
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092619788 that extends conf 727497138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892869131 that extends conf 1092619788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137078855 that extends conf 727497138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1045985568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1045985568 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008547236 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354280589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255109302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1470420462 originConf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404834600 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090695601 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107404311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814377348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 814377348 originConf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402207819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355766307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1355766307 originConf 402207819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 681158875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042884127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514453513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 514453513 originConf 2042884127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1229184766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2135790485
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2135790485 originConf 1229184766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 715289224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227459815
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1227459815 originConf 715289224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038988454 that extends conf 1227459815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374646930 that extends conf 1038988454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315795813 that extends conf 1227459815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileEqualToOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileEqualToOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
