msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615056168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213193302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220695851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762074108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 762074108 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295485334 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46102862 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247127813 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991115006 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374358323 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 545124573 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740615423 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614836846 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787395299 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570865854 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134879646 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939462226 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944152127 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103322705 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005786449 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070372599 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473666452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 125644421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 125644421 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594858858 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987320881 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221238318 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964889703 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168545222 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355612839 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153607583 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130721104 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952603668 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491470505 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272929616 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 743219449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1468343491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1468343491 originConf 743219449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67620673 that extends conf 1468343491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57085696 that extends conf 67620673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667890001 that extends conf 1468343491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473666452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218083372 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562231403 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318622013 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521973283 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084920982 that extends conf 521973283 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9983638 that extends conf 521973283 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559559860 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008907751 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 17331878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 17331878 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423564783 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939820678 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142284165 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970528559 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370597622 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708350323 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557342904 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394424498 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095589840 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686457721 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906044157 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754451055 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117249632 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585841343 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537483956 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150458971 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093965384 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282261966 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905804261 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1905804261 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477520324 that extends conf 1905804261 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60238173 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915418100 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424852207 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWrite
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
