msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListInAFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133266820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 332070346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 332070346 originConf 1133266820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99039915 that extends conf 332070346 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000064762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1619353938
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1619353938 originConf 1000064762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624368936 that extends conf 1619353938 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001614580 that extends conf 624368936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188828468 that extends conf 1619353938 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807664222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899752812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1899752812 originConf 807664222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343785678 that extends conf 1899752812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149061214 that extends conf 343785678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278350458 that extends conf 1899752812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 737887755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2138103761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2138103761 originConf 737887755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463621281 that extends conf 2138103761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998327229 that extends conf 1463621281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754048876 that extends conf 2138103761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1032171947 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393941863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 393941863 originConf 1032171947
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678091001 that extends conf 393941863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1712487349 that extends conf 1678091001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058699506 that extends conf 393941863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1705053557 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238163340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 238163340 originConf 1705053557
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4053059 that extends conf 238163340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565034642 that extends conf 4053059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881953830 that extends conf 238163340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110082768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 492252168
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 492252168 originConf 2110082768
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110082768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036075587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 2036075587 originConf 2110082768
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListInAFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListInAFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
