msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455538610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1226622409 originConf 455538610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072724423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2058135834 originConf 2072724423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826865256 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286649365 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988850650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71016405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 71016405 originConf 988850650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808009213 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217153279 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855088820 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790359560 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533871323 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493469198 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452533498 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454334969 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973875839 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1922344004 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143739483 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2143739483 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 565881091
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 565881091 originConf 2143739483
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552870927 that extends conf 565881091 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848097505 that extends conf 565881091 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
