msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1687627235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1687627235 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388802347 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627010197 that extends conf 388802347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156199931 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015799131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1657125852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1657125852 originConf 1015799131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866273692 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689458432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248276879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1716551994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1716551994 originConf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011342562 that extends conf 544628437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1721576219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80191608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 80191608 originConf 1721576219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1103505488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670283478 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398508580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1398508580 originConf 670283478
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244815033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 741390111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 741390111 originConf 1244815033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828610686 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 828610686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174714624 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541075662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 324579982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 324579982 originConf 1541075662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639467920 that extends conf 324579982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969856053 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211199210 that extends conf 324579982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
