msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 752606621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1279025407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1279025407 originConf 752606621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1973748586 that extends conf 1279025407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312207046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 121074149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 121074149 originConf 1312207046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1173919585 that extends conf 121074149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37012530 that extends conf 1173919585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372214802 that extends conf 121074149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 439960728 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 887642257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 887642257 originConf 439960728
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005558143 that extends conf 887642257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207983678 that extends conf 2005558143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165011841 that extends conf 887642257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8768940 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748566089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1748566089 originConf 8768940
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235248543 that extends conf 1748566089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513436377 that extends conf 1235248543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678740666 that extends conf 1748566089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2067690488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1483328725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1483328725 originConf 2067690488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752419274 that extends conf 1483328725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531117483 that extends conf 1752419274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853419560 that extends conf 1483328725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129082973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 805351922
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 805351922 originConf 2129082973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035259788 that extends conf 805351922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220209593 that extends conf 1035259788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 686763386 that extends conf 805351922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1898284606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 555387721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 555387721 originConf 1898284606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448695055 that extends conf 555387721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604330037 that extends conf 448695055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441440574 that extends conf 555387721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655362752 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750461231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 750461231 originConf 1655362752
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648009389 that extends conf 750461231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348264060 that extends conf 1648009389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515039164 that extends conf 750461231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 602945203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513644500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1513644500 originConf 602945203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204662291 that extends conf 1513644500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381066824 that extends conf 204662291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534925682 that extends conf 1513644500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 294120034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589600179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 589600179 originConf 294120034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314560617 that extends conf 589600179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2059583760 that extends conf 1314560617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1189219833 that extends conf 589600179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 935222180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859964457
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 859964457 originConf 935222180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710098244 that extends conf 859964457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047018405 that extends conf 1710098244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149626210 that extends conf 859964457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
