msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959278147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 771979888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 771979888 originConf 959278147
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716891156 that extends conf 771979888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807763981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1763285335
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1763285335 originConf 1807763981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578492287 that extends conf 1763285335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924609696 that extends conf 1578492287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915449567 that extends conf 1763285335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 587457486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 587457486 originConf 1625528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149346952 that extends conf 587457486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605996061 that extends conf 149346952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644704421 that extends conf 587457486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1981535223 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457167039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457167039 originConf 1981535223
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106435819 that extends conf 1457167039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860990532 that extends conf 1106435819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112265729 that extends conf 1457167039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551625292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1044767862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1044767862 originConf 1551625292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088447411 that extends conf 1044767862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562635732 that extends conf 2088447411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849803291 that extends conf 1044767862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1151248705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1563328691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1563328691 originConf 1151248705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025092273 that extends conf 1563328691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156094910 that extends conf 2025092273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282707039 that extends conf 1563328691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1190428468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1253270071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1253270071 originConf 1190428468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334831 that extends conf 1253270071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830859138 that extends conf 1334831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735288832 that extends conf 1253270071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1508488168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2055067000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2055067000 originConf 1508488168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216061106 that extends conf 2055067000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816415669 that extends conf 1216061106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 782020726 that extends conf 2055067000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1431014896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591620102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1591620102 originConf 1431014896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722022718 that extends conf 1591620102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124016059 that extends conf 1722022718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112611367 that extends conf 1591620102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836441673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095579445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1095579445 originConf 1836441673
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121872482 that extends conf 1095579445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503603176 that extends conf 1121872482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300027821 that extends conf 1095579445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107446466 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1581952876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1581952876 originConf 1107446466
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102022316 that extends conf 1581952876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340143111 that extends conf 2102022316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62075143 that extends conf 1581952876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1080865943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038902307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2038902307 originConf 1080865943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617121157 that extends conf 2038902307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005214705 that extends conf 617121157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551018182 that extends conf 2038902307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1297226166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1377997275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1377997275 originConf 1297226166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422918853 that extends conf 1377997275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026558938 that extends conf 1422918853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419268514 that extends conf 1377997275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132412568 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 928548483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 928548483 originConf 1132412568
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332492354 that extends conf 928548483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195811791 that extends conf 332492354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980446076 that extends conf 928548483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1985627985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1735679497
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1735679497 originConf 1985627985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944153913 that extends conf 1735679497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984396915 that extends conf 944153913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031694083 that extends conf 1735679497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 773875114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 954376819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 954376819 originConf 773875114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247375766 that extends conf 954376819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1751355030 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 710031355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 710031355 originConf 1751355030
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101434014 that extends conf 710031355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164057673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1879830969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1879830969 originConf 164057673
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930432717 that extends conf 1879830969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106717669 that extends conf 930432717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133609792 that extends conf 1879830969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111132537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321329352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 321329352 originConf 2111132537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277688457 that extends conf 321329352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161714265 that extends conf 277688457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555745812 that extends conf 321329352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255334567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308170042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 308170042 originConf 1255334567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394235962 that extends conf 308170042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658731536 that extends conf 394235962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125258325 that extends conf 308170042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 830318927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2065337760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 2065337760 originConf 830318927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839017723 that extends conf 2065337760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35588699 that extends conf 1839017723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116894548 that extends conf 2065337760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1490366635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 324839799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 324839799 originConf 1490366635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263126518 that extends conf 324839799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698733620 that extends conf 263126518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083491280 that extends conf 324839799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2032879078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 716582777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 716582777 originConf 2032879078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31235772 that extends conf 716582777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180249062 that extends conf 31235772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711897900 that extends conf 716582777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 641728311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 263008008
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 263008008 originConf 641728311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962226806 that extends conf 263008008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707764175 that extends conf 1962226806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214803204 that extends conf 263008008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1394651531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256140862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1256140862 originConf 1394651531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901698885 that extends conf 1256140862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244062978 that extends conf 901698885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204364822 that extends conf 1256140862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1715126794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828258747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 828258747 originConf 1715126794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52249006 that extends conf 828258747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200075696 that extends conf 52249006 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133383728 that extends conf 828258747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testReplayEditLogsForReplicatedFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
