msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testOfflineImageViewer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293680848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 455785638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 455785638 originConf 1293680848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037764568 that extends conf 455785638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1591161296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 883380345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 883380345 originConf 1591161296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 883380345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122357625 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99808631 that extends conf 883380345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 537265886 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 537265886
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 137123763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389432760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 968957548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 968957548 originConf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 968957548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481751887 that extends conf 248487859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 968957548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1317963297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1145302895 originConf 1317963297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 1145302895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584157293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1955587357 originConf 584157293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379115456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1949672824 originConf 379115456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 1231036290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998434604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62803825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 62803825 originConf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394349340 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122256138 that extends conf 394349340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497538476 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424226973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836397870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 836397870 originConf 424226973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 32737623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1859965144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1859965144 originConf 32737623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754451055 that extends conf 1859965144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646234040 that extends conf 1754451055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36883680 that extends conf 1859965144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1159694255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810672306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 810672306 originConf 1159694255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498705150 that extends conf 810672306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468033320 that extends conf 1498705150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30563356 that extends conf 810672306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 232886115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1287606099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1287606099 originConf 232886115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 1287606099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109020385 that extends conf 164733543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118969241 that extends conf 1287606099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testOfflineImageViewer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshot#testOfflineImageViewer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
