msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetInvalidPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1443755539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072439102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072439102 originConf 1443755539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335238322 that extends conf 1072439102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150657356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357574656
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1357574656 originConf 1150657356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963830790 that extends conf 1357574656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596794392 that extends conf 1963830790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109569787 that extends conf 1357574656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1482367859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234746492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234746492 originConf 1482367859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864523306 that extends conf 1234746492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330001699 that extends conf 864523306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205265576 that extends conf 1234746492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1433268848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1516567701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1516567701 originConf 1433268848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362663917 that extends conf 1516567701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269967326 that extends conf 362663917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1575093803 that extends conf 1516567701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 393841467 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861784438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 861784438 originConf 393841467
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1189771344 that extends conf 861784438 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644791904 that extends conf 1189771344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867061073 that extends conf 861784438 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1023789216 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303943641
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 303943641 originConf 1023789216
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421006439 that extends conf 303943641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376348425 that extends conf 1421006439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005865042 that extends conf 303943641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117678421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1012830812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1012830812 originConf 117678421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679407634 that extends conf 1012830812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778452487 that extends conf 1679407634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617051414 that extends conf 1012830812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 370764738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 709476894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 709476894 originConf 370764738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865350874 that extends conf 709476894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339070760 that extends conf 865350874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779939249 that extends conf 709476894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1800921011 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398493481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1398493481 originConf 1800921011
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424449938 that extends conf 1398493481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934299326 that extends conf 1424449938 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093104630 that extends conf 1398493481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 747039665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 189114851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 189114851 originConf 747039665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613119078 that extends conf 189114851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286337083 that extends conf 1613119078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867827997 that extends conf 189114851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 616243183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1984715307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1984715307 originConf 616243183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499288449 that extends conf 1984715307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773373371 that extends conf 499288449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641333743 that extends conf 1984715307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648098706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 270674176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 270674176 originConf 1648098706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453474893 that extends conf 270674176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369920900 that extends conf 1453474893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904112008 that extends conf 270674176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1019410488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 461989373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 461989373 originConf 1019410488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795420672 that extends conf 461989373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624652061 that extends conf 795420672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236065219 that extends conf 461989373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1695056433 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 897911357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 897911357 originConf 1695056433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588558935 that extends conf 897911357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753031435 that extends conf 1588558935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845204754 that extends conf 897911357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2097726371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521247077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 521247077 originConf 2097726371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034131430 that extends conf 521247077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11319420 that extends conf 1034131430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928348251 that extends conf 521247077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetInvalidPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetInvalidPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
