msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296910502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623131585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 623131585 originConf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 823758059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1574573264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1574573264 originConf 823758059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807872790 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68217166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1015122628 originConf 68217166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617937669 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624693846 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769252629 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913806791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 913806791 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 334099170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
