msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822630059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 246264949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623131585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 623131585 originConf 246264949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1965036946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1033880954 originConf 1965036946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807872790 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 489070295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511651343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 511651343 originConf 489070295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810196347 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1174714624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913806791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 913806791 originConf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 334099170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794983800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 794983800 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 306059795 that extends conf 794983800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207207344 that extends conf 306059795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828416256 that extends conf 794983800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
