msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1623967017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1460208120
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1460208120 originConf 1623967017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871938798 that extends conf 1460208120 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497341388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1488912097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1488912097 originConf 1497341388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275456198 that extends conf 1488912097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036670265 that extends conf 1275456198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226158636 that extends conf 1488912097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970597194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369550648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1369550648 originConf 1970597194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115521088 that extends conf 1369550648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142487495 that extends conf 2115521088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16081627 that extends conf 1369550648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1026720093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 316567046
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 316567046 originConf 1026720093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043453631 that extends conf 316567046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915868471 that extends conf 2043453631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683419286 that extends conf 316567046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 63395141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 459264838
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 459264838 originConf 63395141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46029919 that extends conf 459264838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681503885 that extends conf 46029919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608197555 that extends conf 459264838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2023066225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2001260486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2001260486 originConf 2023066225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196423795 that extends conf 2001260486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1761937075 that extends conf 1196423795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488896269 that extends conf 2001260486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 76057512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1088255400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1088255400 originConf 76057512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487346517 that extends conf 1088255400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094987786 that extends conf 487346517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33989204 that extends conf 1088255400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788689803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106724515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1106724515 originConf 788689803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334608153 that extends conf 1106724515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291163873 that extends conf 334608153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032743761 that extends conf 1106724515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1913658824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1742405687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1742405687 originConf 1913658824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 887555671 that extends conf 1742405687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102583839 that extends conf 887555671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022938303 that extends conf 1742405687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1379459349 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142070956
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2142070956 originConf 1379459349
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697013905 that extends conf 2142070956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108589368 that extends conf 697013905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340062905 that extends conf 2142070956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1623967017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1580891026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1580891026 originConf 1623967017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019171712 that extends conf 1580891026 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testFileStatusAcrossNNRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
