msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreate
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212683148
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 212683148 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383519982 that extends conf 212683148 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1456061400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494894055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 494894055 originConf 1456061400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054451662 that extends conf 494894055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830863979 that extends conf 2054451662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 494894055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 718512571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183259297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 183259297 originConf 718512571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984328477 that extends conf 183259297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238874235 that extends conf 1984328477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 183259297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984412970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1587872480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1587872480 originConf 984412970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1587872480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 322830747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 1587872480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628487793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936628786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 936628786 originConf 628487793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481751887 that extends conf 936628786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 936628786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405488475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622135821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1622135821 originConf 405488475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503144273 that extends conf 1622135821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 503144273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1622135821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 275754769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 36627152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 36627152 originConf 275754769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 36627152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1420012431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296910502 that extends conf 36627152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1227867806 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 29774113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 29774113 originConf 1227867806
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 972843820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 115397800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 187120217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 187120217 originConf 115397800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 187120217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 185203393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604616170 that extends conf 187120217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1800605369 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 415906914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 415906914 originConf 1800605369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097069005 that extends conf 415906914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612853208 that extends conf 1097069005 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 415906914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1971283804 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1438000681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1438000681 originConf 1971283804
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 1537689020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761863997 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreate
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreate
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
