msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219381993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 789243263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 789243263 originConf 219381993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046968105 that extends conf 789243263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2131011437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1738128439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1738128439 originConf 2131011437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872865298 that extends conf 1738128439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 122683824 that extends conf 872865298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028761757 that extends conf 1738128439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 232837684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1711605020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1711605020 originConf 232837684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583465968 that extends conf 1711605020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227150600 that extends conf 583465968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441310000 that extends conf 1711605020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1004420412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1061146118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1061146118 originConf 1004420412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512010277 that extends conf 1061146118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263971814 that extends conf 1512010277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815420279 that extends conf 1061146118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 939258140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617729249
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1617729249 originConf 939258140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416122914 that extends conf 1617729249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351841370 that extends conf 1416122914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103977562 that extends conf 1617729249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1516217861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1722694367
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1722694367 originConf 1516217861
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514241940 that extends conf 1722694367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345005111 that extends conf 514241940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355722559 that extends conf 1722694367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1818266134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 652771738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 652771738 originConf 1818266134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028084007 that extends conf 652771738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082619426 that extends conf 2028084007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418618285 that extends conf 652771738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 667233142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907792816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1907792816 originConf 667233142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988529227 that extends conf 1907792816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780477411 that extends conf 988529227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339135501 that extends conf 1907792816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1338082025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1487844347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1487844347 originConf 1338082025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44458354 that extends conf 1487844347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119807620 that extends conf 44458354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827535602 that extends conf 1487844347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1297467862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 659568000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 659568000 originConf 1297467862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860851571 that extends conf 659568000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637538471 that extends conf 1860851571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735017264 that extends conf 659568000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219381993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 495185042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 495185042 originConf 219381993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792591205 that extends conf 495185042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testAddBlockWhenNoSufficientDataBlockNumOfNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
