msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259551809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163228011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1163228011 originConf 259551809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835276171 that extends conf 1163228011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385526435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1945354284
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1945354284 originConf 1385526435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330620391 that extends conf 1945354284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224309447 that extends conf 1330620391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484264483 that extends conf 1945354284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124333222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348825799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1348825799 originConf 124333222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281542979 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666941955 that extends conf 1281542979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687230766 that extends conf 1348825799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1739326618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 600367432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 600367432 originConf 1739326618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591076635 that extends conf 600367432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202761181 that extends conf 591076635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190617225 that extends conf 600367432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 15862042 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033565618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1033565618 originConf 15862042
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974923973 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716229253 that extends conf 974923973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113768048 that extends conf 1033565618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1736159857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076434115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1076434115 originConf 1736159857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216538614 that extends conf 1076434115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922842737 that extends conf 1216538614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699878010 that extends conf 1076434115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212972771 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2046176883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2046176883 originConf 212972771
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153256194 that extends conf 2046176883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760773017 that extends conf 153256194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 857184414 that extends conf 2046176883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045551792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1148459477
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1148459477 originConf 2045551792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869329914 that extends conf 1148459477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618670362 that extends conf 869329914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646814122 that extends conf 1148459477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517239309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1679193789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1679193789 originConf 1517239309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864154582 that extends conf 1679193789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605692202 that extends conf 1864154582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076769571 that extends conf 1679193789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 684466153 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1276354687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1276354687 originConf 684466153
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557381086 that extends conf 1276354687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122275524 that extends conf 1557381086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078544580 that extends conf 1276354687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 899621691 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523970339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1523970339 originConf 899621691
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176960039 that extends conf 1523970339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982084653 that extends conf 176960039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914173302 that extends conf 1523970339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827593261 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1161315303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1161315303 originConf 1827593261
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146577031 that extends conf 1161315303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280018933 that extends conf 1146577031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409217441 that extends conf 1161315303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
