msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278677872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170144208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 170144208 originConf 1278677872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651162064 that extends conf 170144208 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 105966264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 105966264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985487390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317960117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 317960117 originConf 985487390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 428245792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1647243882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1647243882 originConf 428245792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128961136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2128961136 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627496281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1280443567 originConf 1627496281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944138464 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721576219 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604342290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2057077925 originConf 1604342290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437983537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2107706203 originConf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenSomeNodesAreNotGood
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenSomeNodesAreNotGood
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenSomeNodesAreNotGood
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
