msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testAppendFileAfterRenameInSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188791662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 188791662 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681094402 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 509858326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 756637412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 756637412 originConf 509858326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 756637412 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455064947 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1199833406 originConf 1455064947
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234857227 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742448147 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1044965465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482032955
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 482032955 originConf 1044965465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096343229 that extends conf 482032955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 482032955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 174383157 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1936670366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1936670366 originConf 174383157
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 1936670366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840194359 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 1936670366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653880197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394349340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 394349340 originConf 653880197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050247525 that extends conf 394349340 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762604772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 806738808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 806738808 originConf 762604772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70555476 that extends conf 2140846441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538745405 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1473143631 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1754451055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1754451055 originConf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624355359 that extends conf 1754451055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4015102 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542839598 that extends conf 1754451055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775741122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740797856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1740797856 originConf 775741122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1740797856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516759394 that extends conf 31906520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66774422 that extends conf 1740797856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testAppendFileAfterRenameInSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testAppendFileAfterRenameInSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
