msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testReplicationCounter
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1419302765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 829443868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 829443868 originConf 1419302765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158441439 that extends conf 829443868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285770290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773644829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 773644829 originConf 285770290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10315627 that extends conf 773644829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151067542 that extends conf 10315627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52809183 that extends conf 773644829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2112247231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 583163983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 583163983 originConf 2112247231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027820487 that extends conf 583163983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114983477 that extends conf 1027820487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157003304 that extends conf 583163983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 265622737 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 575567372
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 575567372 originConf 265622737
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639698389 that extends conf 575567372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589050544 that extends conf 639698389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261164015 that extends conf 575567372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1501112469 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212568193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 212568193 originConf 1501112469
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776124274 that extends conf 212568193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418827759 that extends conf 776124274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659160268 that extends conf 212568193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791978014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 280465971
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 280465971 originConf 1791978014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729234649 that extends conf 280465971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972526897 that extends conf 1729234649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366252003 that extends conf 280465971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testReplicationCounter
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testReplicationCounter
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
