msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842331982 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662592920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491522744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1491522744 originConf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155757579 that extends conf 1491522744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696165690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727860268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 727860268 originConf 696165690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37841489 that extends conf 1525844775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247515192 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 485475507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 485475507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255109302 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370224403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2063786038 originConf 1370224403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 234223040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
