msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 612937843
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 612937843 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 612937843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 1119242936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902801188 that extends conf 612937843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1027200 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437630857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 437630857 originConf 1027200
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195064186 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 712732521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1391119179 originConf 712732521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388849499 that extends conf 693345846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36550900 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1487230025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 1487230025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866273692 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 779018428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814377348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 814377348 originConf 779018428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697441364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1697441364 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1697441364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForAddBlock[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
