msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileChecksumAfterDecommission
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1210939243 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 1663488386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380976928 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790387225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1790387225 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624788833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 1624788833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465909321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 465909321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 1059080630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 664839586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 664839586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653345773 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1851522556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 292958927
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 292958927 originConf 1851522556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 609389093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 512238546 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1627781283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1627781283 originConf 512238546
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1538511917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1565713391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995505717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1995505717 originConf 1565713391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736458419 that extends conf 1995505717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 1736458419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 1995505717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 800497654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042979183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2042979183 originConf 800497654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 2042979183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997625595 that extends conf 2042979183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 896134613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1401737458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1401737458 originConf 896134613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485047320 that extends conf 1401737458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024945312 that extends conf 485047320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223144402 that extends conf 1401737458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileChecksumAfterDecommission
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileChecksumAfterDecommission
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
