msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009326765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7548983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 7548983 originConf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 275754769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 275754769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090695601 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1531175283 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29369803 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602530280 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1956598686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 160945458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 160945458 originConf 1956598686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817018735 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1081633119 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1113414982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1113414982 originConf 1081633119
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521389237 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153802607 that extends conf 1521389237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871580398 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892611887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269244031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 269244031 originConf 892611887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885562991 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204568533 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995986600 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332208607 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1171672359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1171672359 originConf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532297836 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121491280 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917704874 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992525817 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73351708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 157004450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 157004450 originConf 73351708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60221145 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966114624 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523359711 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979117606 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366741625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745966298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 745966298 originConf 1366741625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970707120 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751753651 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790229151 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665641137 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030384622 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589610983 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157971930 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089360295 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082682403 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121999415 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214952009 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402713909 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959692539 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48289474 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427419316 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459142970 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24946963 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689510145 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096226807 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 163852800 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421000006 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389344245 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906613690 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083581095 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
