msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238431319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 238431319 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 904208473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517116047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1424497441 originConf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011342562 that extends conf 544628437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704214570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1815025408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1815025408 originConf 1704214570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847606512 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612853208 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481594007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 874153561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 874153561 originConf 1481594007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 790229674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112940474 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368153528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 78265654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 78265654 originConf 368153528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 78265654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096682443 that extends conf 2124731287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360767 that extends conf 78265654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
