msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2088445230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1813187653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1813187653 originConf 2088445230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347978868 that extends conf 1813187653 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 979550238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1988939205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1988939205 originConf 979550238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 1988939205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 659059448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917568725 that extends conf 1988939205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082865087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1919125229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1919125229 originConf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 1817154869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1848886161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557725225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 557725225 originConf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1487230025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1487230025 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827579900 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1748097277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1513029997 originConf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36627152 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779914089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 980533504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 980533504 originConf 1779914089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656349395 that extends conf 980533504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505968231 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 980533504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004655561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571956559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 571956559 originConf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1437129801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1685134322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455177644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1455177644 originConf 1685134322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173259631 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
