msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 856632069 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059279544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1059279544 originConf 856632069
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087393702 that extends conf 1059279544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1246529880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1236998666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1236998666 originConf 1246529880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393044974 that extends conf 1236998666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328345721 that extends conf 393044974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698133616 that extends conf 1236998666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 957708302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310387649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 310387649 originConf 957708302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186327764 that extends conf 310387649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941604823 that extends conf 186327764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398913994 that extends conf 310387649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375022326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1465207240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1465207240 originConf 375022326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309926630 that extends conf 1465207240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012053108 that extends conf 1309926630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16655030 that extends conf 1465207240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679578304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1645072315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1645072315 originConf 1679578304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821908869 that extends conf 1645072315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120469641 that extends conf 821908869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305063080 that extends conf 1645072315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742636938 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 640088857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 640088857 originConf 742636938
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234940651 that extends conf 640088857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033479340 that extends conf 234940651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441662393 that extends conf 640088857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
