msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105090408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 295055909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 295055909 originConf 1105090408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1474072872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 972843820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 972843820 originConf 1474072872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 972843820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 972843820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1630841930 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 167693809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612853208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131037934
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 131037934 originConf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861522296 that extends conf 468776694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[3]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[3]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
