msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCachePools
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 209360730 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673916398 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107579932 that extends conf 1673916398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754072705 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354280589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050275256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1957282992 originConf 2050275256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828088650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1156210828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1156210828 originConf 828088650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914615775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312843412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1312843412 originConf 1914615775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800605369 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042979183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1735330400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1735330400 originConf 2042979183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 54134077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1038988454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 495051009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 495051009 originConf 1038988454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 495051009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872088401 that extends conf 1811942924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121466124 that extends conf 495051009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121072891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 444127949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 444127949 originConf 1121072891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876908140 that extends conf 444127949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276714561 that extends conf 876908140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678962690 that extends conf 444127949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCachePools
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testListCachePools
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
