msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[35]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1534754611 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 652176954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 652176954 originConf 1534754611
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240630125 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936502650 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1936502650 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628487793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 628487793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 1511180072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116184677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 116184677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482429406 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500697171 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878225987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842952737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1842952737 originConf 1878225987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 1842952737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153802607 that extends conf 1842952737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 78816013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219638321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 219638321 originConf 78816013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959055079 that extends conf 219638321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340634558 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 219638321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254692047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868987089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1868987089 originConf 254692047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353580491 that extends conf 1868987089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88335763 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 1868987089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 90380642 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775423528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 775423528 originConf 90380642
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373646877 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1373646877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485624601 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471019696 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1881419576 originConf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916720513 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661803311 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745512157 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[35]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[35]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
