msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392886653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917277283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 917277283 originConf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465152579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1489831627 originConf 465152579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358019805 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115087165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1727424614 originConf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 489070295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511651343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 511651343 originConf 489070295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810196347 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121466124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 961983234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 961983234 originConf 121466124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215478702 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37268876 that extends conf 215478702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400582895 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847431070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1627951401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1627951401 originConf 1847431070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663747984 that extends conf 1627951401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155985156 that extends conf 663747984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972016689 that extends conf 1627951401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery8
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
