msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 811301908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1116094714
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1116094714 originConf 811301908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573200870 that extends conf 1116094714 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086068243 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188791662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 188791662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981159997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 981159997 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206946689 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
