msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshottableDirectoryList
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125964210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038105753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2038105753 originConf 1125964210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941836856 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366803687 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033917063 that extends conf 366803687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924966548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1924966548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399149970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516413619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 516413619 originConf 399149970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538849250 that extends conf 516413619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598434875 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 516413619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702478809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1412564235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1412564235 originConf 1702478809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 1412564235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1412564235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989219205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1707901480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1707901480 originConf 1989219205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1707901480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205810452 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270383967 that extends conf 1707901480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526866775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 841483227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 841483227 originConf 1526866775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872047468 that extends conf 841483227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145391264 that extends conf 841483227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1711641083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604602011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 604602011 originConf 1711641083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 604602011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139801481 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840194359 that extends conf 604602011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311052922 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 90380642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 90380642 originConf 1311052922
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659282412 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 386201215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1471019696 originConf 386201215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220747354 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781459498 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986676021 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357291163 that extends conf 1033917063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshottableDirectoryList
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshottableDirectoryList
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
