msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662478018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 779844726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 779844726 originConf 1662478018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876777914 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729939892 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 454670091 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1610838704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1610838704 originConf 454670091
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1362373317 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497184615 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724354677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 637230368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 637230368 originConf 724354677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448316019 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275256183 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71403456 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769127528 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926021695 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131005783 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188199659 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675694576 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583448502 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198955768 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275891804 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701634212 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157624774 that extends conf 1610838704 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733861043 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57566747 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667700352 that extends conf 779844726 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160828779 that extends conf 637230368 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 197680284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000218050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2000218050 originConf 197680284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144002322 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582048028 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696971504 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823456287 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336174777 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912062252 that extends conf 1336174777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975053770 that extends conf 2000218050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613188038 that extends conf 1975053770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142030351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2033646229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2033646229 originConf 2142030351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891931303 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762959767 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590122218 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495612271 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006359502 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361078006 that extends conf 1006359502 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301870551 that extends conf 2033646229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175177514 that extends conf 1301870551 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 197680284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982237285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 982237285 originConf 197680284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388514895 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986183447 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890491767 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322694705 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603890802 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588725874 that extends conf 603890802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852783581 that extends conf 982237285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598234337 that extends conf 1852783581 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142030351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1876819370
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1876819370 originConf 2142030351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283967775 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531301006 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328313393 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717872671 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905203926 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704797443 that extends conf 1905203926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336370372 that extends conf 1876819370 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207051978 that extends conf 336370372 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010668137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227973046
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 227973046 originConf 2010668137
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Refresh nodes failed for.*
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Refresh nodes failed for.*
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
