msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704869156 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10885570 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 463215441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423586012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803768841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 803768841 originConf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161982472 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449987177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985869725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1985869725 originConf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78377968 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174383157 that extends conf 78377968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087440001 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62309924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 62309924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596997325 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893736577 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 706915627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1572820532 originConf 706915627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 957387062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277716905 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994249754 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
