msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594195094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 594195094 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409596180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261838162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 261838162 originConf 409596180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361921411 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564893839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1676010932 originConf 564893839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1101721002 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 1101721002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 1101721002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461969657 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014835723 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266402199 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154523528 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937849574 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554452 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123748431 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199895015 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649219634 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764905627 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457208659 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486183090 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520630790 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045544789 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65566593 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783029098 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
