msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1609124502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051120548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2051120548 originConf 1609124502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332873513 that extends conf 2051120548 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043639521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1043639521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102103410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 102103410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
