msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213193302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502635287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1502635287 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364639279 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908043086 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762074108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 636782475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 636782475 originConf 762074108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642074059 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229348932 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537502288 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042565490 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061486951 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044857350 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821862743 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198615748 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642154418 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1524877813 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113618073 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656063184 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828891723 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411661017 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230734255 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461032947 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1351060299 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085306660 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910189081 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210096917 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812124074 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037114202 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025245513 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510335184 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1098568947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1098568947 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274327953 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688305845 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179769581 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774589469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1774589469 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174748011 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008525377 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221611183 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1774589469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807239968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 807239968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116239170 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718025535 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707555223 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043408653 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896090607 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13420813 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391240018 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7930402 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743906864 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncPeriod0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
