msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1534754611 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 652176954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 652176954 originConf 1534754611
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240630125 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936502650 that extends conf 652176954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1936502650 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628487793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 628487793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 1902455960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538462491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538849250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1538849250 originConf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730182538 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1730182538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 471004142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1787083818 originConf 471004142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220524164 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906549136 that extends conf 1220524164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35068320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 915233792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 915233792 originConf 35068320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101721002 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514793058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514793058 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
