msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962865655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601756706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1601756706 originConf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083154356 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 2083154356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 463215441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2012095985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178325065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 178325065 originConf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123418227 that extends conf 1970856042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1499825229 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442465916 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356476647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2007138812 originConf 356476647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 726416425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 425107133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209845522
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 209845522 originConf 425107133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32206364 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442342557 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161118423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303846650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 303846650 originConf 161118423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681979935 that extends conf 1859153769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179060558 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071364564 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[26]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
