msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000410491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173440626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 173440626 originConf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 2082545616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914740115 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500697171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554118033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554118033 originConf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234857227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399398408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1399398408 originConf 234857227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808653065 that extends conf 943165647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673129458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620301064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1620301064 originConf 673129458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 602161799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1006727288 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1480170882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1480170882 originConf 1006727288
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697441364 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676428380 that extends conf 1697441364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256350655 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368802354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161118423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 161118423 originConf 368802354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745205026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80903581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 80903581 originConf 745205026
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212416033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1820355723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1820355723 originConf 212416033
msx-rc 0
