msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testDataLocality
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427040229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1427040229 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575935098 that extends conf 1427040229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 176955204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163385254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 163385254 originConf 176955204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1513029997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266093632 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testDataLocality
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testDataLocality
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
