msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259319861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 259319861 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1752535057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437630857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234905692 originConf 437630857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214313531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 214313531 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009326765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 486348917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 486348917 originConf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612716569 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501951555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 501951555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428245792 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814377348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996533593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 996533593 originConf 814377348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673384643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451959555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 451959555 originConf 673384643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316001196 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732189840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1959758632 originConf 732189840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530410619 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132379993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 497479191
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 497479191 originConf 1132379993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811787796 that extends conf 497479191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596144422 that extends conf 497479191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977522995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745903324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1745903324 originConf 977522995
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396851684 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991094835 that extends conf 1396851684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967531000 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
