msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testByAddingAnExtraDataNode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 864248990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 864248990 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832283291 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1832283291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984328477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293870357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 293870357 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562595588 that extends conf 293870357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1562595588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 293870357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465839591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 465839591 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 982634822 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testByAddingAnExtraDataNode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testByAddingAnExtraDataNode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
