msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507819576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1939022383 originConf 507819576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404648734 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003693033 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75349351 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085835391 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8068178 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501258896 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88436369 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302720164 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895499569 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458483289 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353551518 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239695663 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540341662 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780778833 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171107829 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150043966 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888707792 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 89509666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 89509666 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098236214 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105304597 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407343030 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858423246 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258671954 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310791190 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685466880 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726616678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1726616678 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453671855 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254226166 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420791362 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363968662 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779598031 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299145277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1299145277 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101451553 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021833186 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206229618 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440190449 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037202079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 2037202079 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040429683 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358781916 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461116027 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882706486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 882706486 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239544719 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10738565 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993821310 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276639603 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849518807 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134579068 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverFailOverAndShutdown
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407623399 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2147478799 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184528158 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670326183 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425986617 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343509909 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95141245 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48670555 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103635695 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205810452 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771704905 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716982229 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192827229 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199833406 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872047468 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499825229 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833592262 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178259104 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598047636 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280266273 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883853165 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751504278 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723069002 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246954608 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938840959 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747479028 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743483065 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380131029 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverFailOverAndShutdown
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverFailOverAndShutdown
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
