msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransfer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1104443373 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104443373 originConf 1104443373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 1104443373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 36531985 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 36531985 originConf 36531985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 1496220730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1507008067 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1507008067 originConf 1507008067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97185960 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 433619074 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 433619074 originConf 433619074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1543869774 that extends conf 433619074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 714230188 that extends conf 1543869774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404905575 that extends conf 433619074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715792099 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960757046 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1761822316 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360390632 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713887363 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323063819 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858494747 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512600935 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840594446 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613935501 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312436624 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455103779 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994172537 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866638338 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1099408978 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141222136 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836260443 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536123759 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510908366 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484333157 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492959157 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092979667 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069501819 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64500060 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839521331 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585424409 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642889092 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121586287 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76418023 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80851380 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032105428 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536675823 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47333472 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460051714 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412272694 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925953323 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6387434 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757096762 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996153062 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582467030 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39096147 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882632198 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384203680 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990526256 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233020324 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381824355 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704135684 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639646846 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258391581 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381557823 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107794641 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535223844 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117363233 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743629788 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766967436 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550644012 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756298228 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694249307 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061233481 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486728757 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977248142 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631959300 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488823741 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820609203 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945179338 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484629058 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124807537 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715637868 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084951612 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244667138 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758028287 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123808988 that extends conf 1507008067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransfer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransfer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
