msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99451533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 84739718
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 84739718 originConf 99451533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13803304 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187903677 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455695758 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807328355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 807328355 originConf 1455695758
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914942811 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1165791284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878668275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 878668275 originConf 1165791284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432430300 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911400194 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524559545 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639152203 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147506265 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603416903 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604983246 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457710447 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952673774 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826209733 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237445656 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994201686 that extends conf 807328355 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 971903008 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855443964 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925497709 that extends conf 84739718 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685043340 that extends conf 878668275 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053632127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 600958416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 600958416 originConf 1053632127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202220987 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302873347 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020198100 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 702892298 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137642385 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627883152 that extends conf 2137642385 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908781622 that extends conf 600958416 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749443480 that extends conf 1908781622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 796553753 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 975001918
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 975001918 originConf 796553753
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200048933 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347894695 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147266853 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684072299 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349025531 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367068823 that extends conf 1349025531 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338620258 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251788491 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053632127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605686842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 605686842 originConf 1053632127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082795132 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047001598 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356037389 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588203595 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128158063 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144467413 that extends conf 1128158063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262815725 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941403433 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 796553753 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649498695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1649498695 originConf 796553753
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594916129 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061881348 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093639128 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160517784 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 2006835220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18590681 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356071628 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116239170 that extends conf 605686842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailuretoReadEdits[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
