msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605705199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 605705199 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854989361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 854989361 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554877309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1107404311 originConf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178603358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3886839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 3886839 originConf 178603358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 589309113 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1107772887 originConf 589309113
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586831282 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468776694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2063009760 originConf 468776694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865617081 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353206468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132379993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1132379993 originConf 353206468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 1132379993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1132379993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 75356024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450589816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 450589816 originConf 75356024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 450589816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112135199 that extends conf 450589816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2134915053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227224309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1227224309 originConf 2134915053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745903324 that extends conf 1227224309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725266971 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046056441 that extends conf 1227224309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testProcessErasureCodingTasksSubmitionShouldSucceed
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
