msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620456576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 620456576 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 635288507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102103410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 102103410 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1760401098 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507061061 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710191146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517116047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953528583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 953528583 originConf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821342630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 821342630 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057077925 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027133545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810196347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 810196347 originConf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134157671 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 2134157671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075082007 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220432328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269458366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 269458366 originConf 220432328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541075662 that extends conf 526720216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810262298 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399632542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1399632542 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985326073 that extends conf 1399632542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533902829 that extends conf 985326073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425084063 that extends conf 1399632542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
