msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeFromSecondNameNodeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 601008104 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 601008104 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687940142 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665197552 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1622458036 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1622458036 originConf 1622458036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131184547 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988850650 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 149225732 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 149225732 originConf 149225732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945834881 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574749319 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955259386 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483594685 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257805862 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880524820 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1535734163 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578420930 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789847213 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472224481 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304537580 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975521720 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2125283878 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708602675 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928593468 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626922302 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474752939 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 3565780 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 3565780 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431556341 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917732861 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428420093 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405191065 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059300256 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521568953 that extends conf 1059300256 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1636178473 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 633131207 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 633131207 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907815246 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3045339 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893275902 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1805101646 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339345635 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241938981 that extends conf 1339345635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168957945 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004430079 that extends conf 168957945 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110558717 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845040986 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84873397 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588678911 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458644464 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048318084 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773308957 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 550572371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 550572371 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466413743 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123613000 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905218655 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992972442 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91220956 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999221400 that extends conf 91220956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8197402 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692838068 that extends conf 8197402 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 633131207 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 528877978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 528877978 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643299824 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194662841 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355324709 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354615929 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1973256691 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015007762 that extends conf 1973256691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514955661 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333879495 that extends conf 1514955661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160985667 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214678788 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605249398 that extends conf 550572371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 931911789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 931911789 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104684076 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975692617 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55743241 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488669101 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502882632 that extends conf 488669101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413550077 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620112330 that extends conf 413550077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288884059 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748059730 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812993476 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 633131207 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1883237069
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1883237069 originConf 633131207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564893839 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900834168 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365093701 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13844187 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938259481 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 1938259481 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96453207 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877804870 that extends conf 96453207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118571592 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366629983 that extends conf 2118571592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1138432979 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421875693 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033537117 that extends conf 931911789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198365539 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110857454 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73344891 that extends conf 1883237069 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1073502961 is unique for registering as hdfs:DFSAdmin
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1073502961 originConf 1073502961
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeFromSecondNameNodeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testFinalizeFromSecondNameNodeWithJournalNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
