msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666452347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163514547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 163514547 originConf 666452347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060491709 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46927869 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128345909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913054584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1913054584 originConf 1128345909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557701357 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573452046 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 427338275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65151115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 65151115 originConf 427338275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600078155 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514574367 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991115006 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39152898 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106268398 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930021279 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769189355 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2130291789 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481829403 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628904128 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265053581 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127916074 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452826694 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81377294 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383573710 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169756389 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485816766 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472147805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533000218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1533000218 originConf 472147805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236241297 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692243192 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962434889 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118608288 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737518589 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866771068 that extends conf 737518589 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653744219 that extends conf 1533000218 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823084979 that extends conf 653744219 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816717018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1401704339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1401704339 originConf 816717018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400368818 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676456276 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281188190 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459031119 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006985065 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26544526 that extends conf 1006985065 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339945407 that extends conf 1401704339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023229429 that extends conf 1339945407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472147805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691125993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 691125993 originConf 472147805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739776720 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226356073 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055355955 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911485469 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785847918 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721111350 that extends conf 785847918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167230642 that extends conf 691125993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101918476 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816717018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1186499423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1186499423 originConf 816717018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644050851 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134579068 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849518807 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256319015 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038365975 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739879711 that extends conf 2038365975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607896946 that extends conf 1186499423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596003985 that extends conf 1607896946 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557772331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759577170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1759577170 originConf 557772331
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
