msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveXAttr
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 361398902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 335359181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 335359181 originConf 361398902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058876963 that extends conf 335359181 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593768538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466032056
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 466032056 originConf 593768538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385332399 that extends conf 466032056 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708153797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007660652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1007660652 originConf 708153797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541046463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4073506 that extends conf 1541046463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878991463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701681793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078239671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078239671 originConf 701681793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042884127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514453513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 514453513 originConf 2042884127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682981033 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 422134367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1561347421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1561347421 originConf 422134367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 423711439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584501954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 584501954 originConf 423711439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769252629 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 1769252629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515116175 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 444127949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024945312
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2024945312 originConf 444127949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850646717 that extends conf 1264701638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveXAttr
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveXAttr
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
