msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818093527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47918293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47918293 originConf 818093527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 247644034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1720865719 originConf 247644034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981487964 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869247587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855724043 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115087165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1727424614 originConf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732189840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1959758632 originConf 732189840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756160273 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1174714624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220432328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 220432328 originConf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401737458 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130160902 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1596653154 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951677655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 951677655 originConf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191874608 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910504711 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286658790 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
