msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475603167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371495133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1371495133 originConf 475603167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45822040 that extends conf 1371495133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 827328832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 827328832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485485458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1470420462 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 609389093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990870941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 990870941 originConf 609389093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98974893 that extends conf 422134367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152848959 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502882632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 632841653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 632841653 originConf 1502882632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 632841653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 632841653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 691096777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 691096777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991386317 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1317963297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 722160979
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 722160979 originConf 1317963297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423507882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 680319659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 680319659 originConf 1423507882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287859212 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608108604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1406851189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1406851189 originConf 608108604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449664175 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 889074285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146346292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 146346292 originConf 889074285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404152906 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1188390859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128859746
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 2128859746 originConf 1188390859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266435158 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336762904 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572370257 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341887005 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092822 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265699320 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390470028 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989434720 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245419657 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395479060 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951224589 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610774346 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263648364 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672638187 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694107 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738576597 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205551732 that extends conf 1406851189 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45488577 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739169669 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697106730 that extends conf 2128859746 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588466855 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
