msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentOverwrite
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 129153987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471086700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1471086700 originConf 129153987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041109062 that extends conf 1471086700 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371397455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480184864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 480184864 originConf 371397455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846982837 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1919125229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1475842502 originConf 1919125229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24334184 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 540092563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1428726828 originConf 540092563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1487230025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 1487230025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866273692 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentOverwrite
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentOverwrite
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
