msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455538610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1226622409 originConf 455538610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072724423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2058135834 originConf 2072724423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826865256 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286649365 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988850650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71016405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 71016405 originConf 988850650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2694936 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277231432 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057841915 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13574038 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757262028 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875774469 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522866269 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976035408 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707565227 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935841002 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659286984 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659286984 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1064905627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 1064905627 originConf 1659286984
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966670937 that extends conf 1064905627 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576894497 that extends conf 1064905627 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1739267143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708613859
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.5 uniqueConf 708613859 originConf 1739267143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323531427 that extends conf 708613859 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625090026 that extends conf 708613859 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testNewerVersionOfSegmentWins2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
