msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1113895488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523649562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1523649562 originConf 1113895488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 647973805 that extends conf 1523649562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475394679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1049590050 originConf 475394679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739264372 that extends conf 1049590050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 681639276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 681639276 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 681639276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691779749 that extends conf 1245593227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191310504 that extends conf 681639276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780399359 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testgetFSonNonExistingInternalDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
