msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1902446978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299261573
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1299261573 originConf 1902446978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375009179 that extends conf 1299261573 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225999587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443159949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1443159949 originConf 1225999587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942372941 that extends conf 1443159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871495274 that extends conf 942372941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467679082 that extends conf 1443159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1881407123 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917344061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1917344061 originConf 1881407123
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250632656 that extends conf 1917344061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475041247 that extends conf 1250632656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562002523 that extends conf 1917344061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1631755725 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 669299678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 669299678 originConf 1631755725
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416207982 that extends conf 669299678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974030752 that extends conf 1416207982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096276840 that extends conf 669299678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854375731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485874372
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 485874372 originConf 854375731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797257615 that extends conf 485874372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526097780 that extends conf 1797257615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484749983 that extends conf 485874372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 263331711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 751455776
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 751455776 originConf 263331711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271813191 that extends conf 751455776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527711810 that extends conf 271813191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955750497 that extends conf 751455776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1630381116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 583709813
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 583709813 originConf 1630381116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088908241 that extends conf 583709813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191292442 that extends conf 1088908241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801246888 that extends conf 583709813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 395753932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 428261378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 428261378 originConf 395753932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043628737 that extends conf 428261378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572047482 that extends conf 1043628737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884355313 that extends conf 428261378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1618567484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 22071202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 22071202 originConf 1618567484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316153074 that extends conf 22071202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341463004 that extends conf 1316153074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968458794 that extends conf 22071202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380669488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557162427
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 557162427 originConf 380669488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623080905 that extends conf 557162427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632007255 that extends conf 623080905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79318836 that extends conf 557162427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
