msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 591569802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 432257302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 432257302 originConf 591569802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110993367 that extends conf 432257302 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030765246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61100887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61100887 originConf 2030765246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046829319 that extends conf 61100887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533300890 that extends conf 2046829319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626561613 that extends conf 61100887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2101288600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52864084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 52864084 originConf 2101288600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937853866 that extends conf 52864084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169528485 that extends conf 1937853866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935121392 that extends conf 52864084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1492615716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838059140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 838059140 originConf 1492615716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394763030 that extends conf 838059140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357610726 that extends conf 394763030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386601483 that extends conf 838059140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1834831473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 885771541
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 885771541 originConf 1834831473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137297750 that extends conf 885771541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209785533 that extends conf 137297750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334822685 that extends conf 885771541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735620626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 904906435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 904906435 originConf 1735620626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191087704 that extends conf 904906435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722556387 that extends conf 1191087704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259980576 that extends conf 904906435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 598817380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 607284550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 607284550 originConf 598817380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780621585 that extends conf 607284550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153579702 that extends conf 1780621585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956199642 that extends conf 607284550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1067078759 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2117462645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2117462645 originConf 1067078759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440304891 that extends conf 2117462645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108992806 that extends conf 440304891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441057906 that extends conf 2117462645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 953313604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594198560
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 594198560 originConf 953313604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248738969 that extends conf 594198560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720772648 that extends conf 1248738969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843170001 that extends conf 594198560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1796051327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 283067234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 283067234 originConf 1796051327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133819149 that extends conf 283067234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911857232 that extends conf 1133819149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346268347 that extends conf 283067234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311037746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1607319705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1607319705 originConf 1311037746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622554456 that extends conf 1607319705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490938031 that extends conf 622554456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513851271 that extends conf 1607319705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1169678294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750220107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 750220107 originConf 1169678294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384027375 that extends conf 750220107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754035305 that extends conf 1384027375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118647557 that extends conf 750220107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 969087442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 200356368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 200356368 originConf 969087442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134643 that extends conf 200356368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962975384 that extends conf 134643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719092254 that extends conf 200356368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1081107729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 942479417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 942479417 originConf 1081107729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574225561 that extends conf 942479417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112399517 that extends conf 574225561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508483984 that extends conf 942479417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1786981860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285064333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1285064333 originConf 1786981860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1138420058 that extends conf 1285064333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281406621 that extends conf 1138420058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236206050 that extends conf 1285064333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testCopySnapshotWillNotPreserveErasureCodingPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
