msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842488167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2052571755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2052571755 originConf 1842488167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1173471710 that extends conf 2052571755 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455095233 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 583948136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 583948136 originConf 1455095233
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003017751 that extends conf 583948136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577698774 that extends conf 1003017751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184324725 that extends conf 583948136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 681010618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1160195896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1160195896 originConf 681010618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098217446 that extends conf 1160195896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129063526 that extends conf 2098217446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791913857 that extends conf 1160195896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112980383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617348794
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1617348794 originConf 112980383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601914957 that extends conf 1617348794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516849508 that extends conf 1601914957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797548897 that extends conf 1617348794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 542018432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 316299948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 316299948 originConf 542018432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168494831 that extends conf 316299948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2125424937 that extends conf 168494831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745862704 that extends conf 316299948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1027278882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542581010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 542581010 originConf 1027278882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557237171 that extends conf 542581010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872057492 that extends conf 1557237171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665968113 that extends conf 542581010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 95971665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1434656465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1434656465 originConf 95971665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053710195 that extends conf 1434656465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472642124 that extends conf 2053710195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366162013 that extends conf 1434656465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171455030 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1810869205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1810869205 originConf 171455030
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082615092 that extends conf 1810869205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334435900 that extends conf 1082615092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589928984 that extends conf 1810869205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002626171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1938486538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1938486538 originConf 1002626171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583200750 that extends conf 1938486538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892537842 that extends conf 583200750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250857753 that extends conf 1938486538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 340171852 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42177727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 42177727 originConf 340171852
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882978480 that extends conf 42177727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259549553 that extends conf 882978480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129244478 that extends conf 42177727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
