msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213193302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502635287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1502635287 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364639279 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908043086 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762074108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 636782475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 636782475 originConf 762074108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242446379 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8068178 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1140753938 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307140690 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262280111 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31624943 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811640576 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350477585 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482564351 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062453971 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533551938 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170024948 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728478005 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037406378 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055329171 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491806549 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319473139 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117159758 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813563927 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507076577 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472884491 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130721104 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806635428 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542845410 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103021920 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795594631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 795594631 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800456240 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965229440 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13831011 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008525377 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988786279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 988786279 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904530689 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871690754 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039573012 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807239968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 807239968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381092352 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104524910 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109620150 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763142787 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004248299 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672679455 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testRequeueCall
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787540384 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804913555 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610206037 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testRequeueCall
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testRequeueCall
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
