msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForDiscontinuousMissingLogs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2095490653 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2095490653 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170144208 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33533830 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1100399456 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1100399456 originConf 1100399456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082557120 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149225732 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1957099969 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1957099969 originConf 1957099969
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195801026 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671838826 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161788876 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716039694 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223377933 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523252114 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064691051 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309671389 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269796305 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238840815 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863525277 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087566774 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1452280447 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923763275 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68927645 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182201966 that extends conf 1100399456 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 15477956 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 15477956 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413348786 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802141517 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382500069 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118555812 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663576113 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924144437 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223524052 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618683794 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377419807 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354757209 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709178206 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564597620 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441073358 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439057505 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 15477956 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 2034975583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2034975583 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186657657 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028303740 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787820092 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914413654 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112075608 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 1112075608 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1164394344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1164394344 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290698656 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436508891 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003454771 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879727704 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979420182 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 979420182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1164394344 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 1184694332 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965229440 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13831011 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008525377 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForDiscontinuousMissingLogs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForDiscontinuousMissingLogs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
