msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 341796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1661777060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494894055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 494894055 originConf 1661777060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054451662 that extends conf 494894055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830863979 that extends conf 2054451662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 494894055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 791345613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 429685924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 429685924 originConf 791345613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726886093 that extends conf 429685924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777793273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520786307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1520786307 originConf 1777793273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95456944 that extends conf 1520786307 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1866981216 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1629858553
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1629858553 originConf 1866981216
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741325516 that extends conf 1629858553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578294427 that extends conf 741325516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642598217 that extends conf 1629858553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1141888758 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1083048591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1083048591 originConf 1141888758
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227275238 that extends conf 1083048591 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 471107883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527552222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 527552222 originConf 471107883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768390861 that extends conf 527552222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328675089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615495118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1615495118 originConf 1328675089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044008476 that extends conf 1615495118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880152050 that extends conf 1044008476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131923227 that extends conf 1615495118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1189550219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1207638405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1207638405 originConf 1189550219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891082093 that extends conf 1207638405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933122783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 853088475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 853088475 originConf 933122783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389901738 that extends conf 853088475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589209742 that extends conf 389901738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610426962 that extends conf 853088475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 869080628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15366661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 15366661 originConf 869080628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299418132 that extends conf 15366661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1666201652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 328553434
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 328553434 originConf 1666201652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064794431 that extends conf 328553434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78683782 that extends conf 1064794431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383950227 that extends conf 328553434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551069734 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 986790857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 986790857 originConf 1551069734
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829765572 that extends conf 986790857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688495386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2019490234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 2019490234 originConf 1688495386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513380842 that extends conf 2019490234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2065124703 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1218857592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1218857592 originConf 2065124703
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174866218 that extends conf 1218857592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1204040906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1609423358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1609423358 originConf 1204040906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564177811 that extends conf 1609423358 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1579506779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1668583438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 1668583438 originConf 1579506779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305162450 that extends conf 1668583438 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883403036 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 694847315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 694847315 originConf 883403036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230509924 that extends conf 694847315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809556986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470326684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.14 uniqueConf 1470326684 originConf 809556986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704423600 that extends conf 1470326684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121608148 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1467703275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1467703275 originConf 1121608148
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507424037 that extends conf 1467703275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571679524 that extends conf 507424037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 289803153 that extends conf 1467703275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 926505665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038098610
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.15 uniqueConf 2038098610 originConf 926505665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843239625 that extends conf 2038098610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2039668102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 965468165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.16 uniqueConf 965468165 originConf 2039668102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696976523 that extends conf 965468165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150442834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773000649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 773000649 originConf 1150442834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355702820 that extends conf 773000649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309162976 that extends conf 1355702820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162497405 that extends conf 773000649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1030882390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1115126397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.17 uniqueConf 1115126397 originConf 1030882390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23801214 that extends conf 1115126397 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1307664340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553208486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 553208486 originConf 1307664340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025622778 that extends conf 553208486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071807391 that extends conf 2025622778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978817842 that extends conf 553208486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 338846820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 502537587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.18 uniqueConf 502537587 originConf 338846820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020949292 that extends conf 502537587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2037393211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 270842901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 270842901 originConf 2037393211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786215480 that extends conf 270842901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537751282 that extends conf 1786215480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965762006 that extends conf 270842901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 601395658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510422440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.19 uniqueConf 510422440 originConf 601395658
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789143930 that extends conf 510422440 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 624534051 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 325779329
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.20 uniqueConf 325779329 originConf 624534051
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159571504 that extends conf 325779329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697297398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553357267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.21 uniqueConf 553357267 originConf 697297398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391896106 that extends conf 553357267 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 430196845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1841148471
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.22 uniqueConf 1841148471 originConf 430196845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834919949 that extends conf 1841148471 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 787969531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1762391301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.23 uniqueConf 1762391301 originConf 787969531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308285312 that extends conf 1762391301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1006490991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1418408318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.24 uniqueConf 1418408318 originConf 1006490991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855613697 that extends conf 1418408318 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.24's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgrade#testUpgrade
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
