msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009326765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7548983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 7548983 originConf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 275754769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 275754769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090695601 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141015648 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 141015648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836972194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1861754673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1861754673 originConf 836972194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 754707140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 754707140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783218541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 783218541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917704874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 917704874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523359711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 225753796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 225753796 originConf 1523359711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418550995 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935870377 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750551164 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 525846685 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027332165 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570554356 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076236046 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879394542 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277061586 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291149759 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938057398 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415913490 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956313558 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407565573 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357794280 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165572116 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405977443 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411598322 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
