msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506938939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1506938939 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1415439780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936906727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699221219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 699221219 originConf 936906727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948395645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925568390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 925568390 originConf 948395645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverTypeQuota
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1786717359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1786717359 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470351439 that extends conf 1786717359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverTypeQuota
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testAppendOverTypeQuota
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
