msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368802354 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726780304 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248598189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1624355359 originConf 1248598189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233343686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 153443333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 153443333 originConf 233343686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788432625 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58421994 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 714850447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618696025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 618696025 originConf 714850447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315038402 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 1315038402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049121789 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1992630936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66231846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66231846 originConf 1992630936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990226843 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 990226843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15912555 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856643544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1996556848 originConf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843459456 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807053698 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560041895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790538253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 790538253 originConf 560041895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492156162 that extends conf 790538253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791014677 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046820071 that extends conf 790538253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080561710 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:43398: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:43398: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[3]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
