msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504807594 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847431070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 1847431070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392886653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917277283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 917277283 originConf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063786038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465152579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 465152579 originConf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153448497 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 498134055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 498134055 originConf 153448497
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959758632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1077316166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4015102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 4015102 originConf 1077316166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851033362 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 624637962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521746054
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 521746054 originConf 624637962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233343686 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481402298 that extends conf 233343686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727236 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1490434838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593573025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 593573025 originConf 1490434838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 593573025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196716338 that extends conf 214055354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009832657 that extends conf 593573025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1155437763 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 193864812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 193864812 originConf 1155437763
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 193864812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558133170 that extends conf 1213419524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534662976 that extends conf 193864812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1171713907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1350377659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1350377659 originConf 1171713907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740095856 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320357188 that extends conf 1740095856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185639533 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580153829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146799499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 146799499 originConf 1580153829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124540047 that extends conf 146799499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856643544 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889640998 that extends conf 146799499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1705366777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533698361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 533698361 originConf 1705366777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657697023 that extends conf 533698361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330411679 that extends conf 1657697023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591683105 that extends conf 533698361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1650626168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 169049466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 169049466 originConf 1650626168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621939721 that extends conf 169049466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082232630 that extends conf 1621939721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 169049466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1813525162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 962927234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 962927234 originConf 1813525162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302059473 that extends conf 962927234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236858974 that extends conf 302059473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598977164 that extends conf 962927234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 367066629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199041063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 199041063 originConf 367066629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 199041063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 1235381529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293667566 that extends conf 199041063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
