msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithDFSNetworkTopology
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984328477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094199074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1710783020 originConf 1094199074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 612716569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507061061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 507061061 originConf 612716569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668760567 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181326224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 509858326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 509858326 originConf 181326224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338770454 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562595588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 1562595588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973219190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584157293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 584157293 originConf 973219190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960004592 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679002380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1941598182 originConf 1679002380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949672824 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840194359 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17331878 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1205321651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596997325
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1596997325 originConf 1205321651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060037930 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45795770 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithDFSNetworkTopology
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacementWithDFSNetworkTopology
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
