msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271095942 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702999333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2051598050 originConf 702999333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336775847 that extends conf 1950136544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992801971 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564893839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905488851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 905488851 originConf 564893839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 905488851 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982634822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1285072597 originConf 982634822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598047636 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356691811 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113273959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1095849663 originConf 2113273959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801142660 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757032717 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584698209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 379115456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 379115456 originConf 584698209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 408909888 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2126876651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2126876651 originConf 408909888
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425433685 that extends conf 2126876651 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1732261462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 546886525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 546886525 originConf 1732261462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781459498 that extends conf 546886525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1781459498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 546886525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688917723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255041198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 255041198 originConf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957530885 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466717494 that extends conf 1957530885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630122462 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 703232177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 16196099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 16196099 originConf 703232177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516759394 that extends conf 16196099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345986913 that extends conf 1516759394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788432625 that extends conf 16196099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531782631 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1778801068
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1778801068 originConf 1531782631
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828535871 that extends conf 1778801068 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 193864812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 231498257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 231498257 originConf 193864812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105663489 that extends conf 231498257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217827560 that extends conf 105663489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876259196 that extends conf 231498257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990226843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740095856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1740095856 originConf 990226843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095573052 that extends conf 1740095856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876390738 that extends conf 2095573052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148353618 that extends conf 1740095856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 284034271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 124540047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 124540047 originConf 284034271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642319693 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313149846 that extends conf 1642319693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1018067851 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1196404281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 461155951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 461155951 originConf 1196404281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649829954 that extends conf 461155951 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892591894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1349373781
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1349373781 originConf 892591894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1349373781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681993012 that extends conf 327986890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859193874 that extends conf 1349373781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142302025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 142302025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709882027 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110148152 that extends conf 1709882027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854640632 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783218541
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 783218541 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 783218541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390034407 that extends conf 783218541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 212874257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1673389762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1673389762 originConf 212874257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 1673389762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1075236033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191863711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1191863711 originConf 1075236033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063275841 that extends conf 1191863711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804347788 that extends conf 2063275841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438874950 that extends conf 1191863711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1505964934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1954355506
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1954355506 originConf 1505964934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648387359 that extends conf 1954355506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356419559 that extends conf 1648387359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687372448 that extends conf 1954355506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208350681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 318755294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 318755294 originConf 208350681
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508756323 that extends conf 318755294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65310008 that extends conf 508756323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911600942 that extends conf 318755294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 40177529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951000054
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 951000054 originConf 40177529
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522975986 that extends conf 951000054 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2078741622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1185502159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1185502159 originConf 2078741622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 1185502159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404612586 that extends conf 48071225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7752890 that extends conf 1185502159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892466122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749362556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 749362556 originConf 892466122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041905665 that extends conf 749362556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988402146 that extends conf 1041905665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083086553 that extends conf 749362556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1300399812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1763872389
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1763872389 originConf 1300399812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1403649277 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173115411 that extends conf 1403649277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649884294 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 943219925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1102181662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1102181662 originConf 943219925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883735648 that extends conf 1102181662 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 720638621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918606013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 918606013 originConf 720638621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835631769 that extends conf 918606013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149747394 that extends conf 835631769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542598487 that extends conf 918606013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 663119869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1119277260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1119277260 originConf 663119869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983283775 that extends conf 1119277260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422883946 that extends conf 1983283775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689498062 that extends conf 1119277260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778422985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1431699407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1431699407 originConf 1778422985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905548224 that extends conf 1431699407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555965524 that extends conf 1905548224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392760852 that extends conf 1431699407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207953777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 186049026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 186049026 originConf 1207953777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981372076 that extends conf 186049026 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1730900666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1080561710
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 1080561710 originConf 1730900666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730575236 that extends conf 1080561710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323676377 that extends conf 730575236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028088629 that extends conf 1080561710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 951819642 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527464124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 527464124 originConf 951819642
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142941409 that extends conf 527464124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262878641 that extends conf 142941409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639542871 that extends conf 527464124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187146208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830669823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1830669823 originConf 1187146208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790851040 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566042862 that extends conf 790851040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281361915 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260390769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1507604180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1507604180 originConf 1260390769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163664780 that extends conf 1507604180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 74735260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1574503358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 1574503358 originConf 74735260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427939937 that extends conf 1574503358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698746141 that extends conf 427939937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319144230 that extends conf 1574503358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1901824111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1156729376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 1156729376 originConf 1901824111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224219987 that extends conf 1156729376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007004340 that extends conf 224219987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621432843 that extends conf 1156729376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1792109661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 794526288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 794526288 originConf 1792109661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979822206 that extends conf 794526288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493104631 that extends conf 979822206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657252457 that extends conf 794526288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 999427036 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530528285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 530528285 originConf 999427036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480805145 that extends conf 530528285 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1185575212 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651433745
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 651433745 originConf 1185575212
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119713755 that extends conf 651433745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118413714 that extends conf 2119713755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818546553 that extends conf 651433745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892262157 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594783641
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 594783641 originConf 892262157
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43473566 that extends conf 594783641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729904998 that extends conf 43473566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117052390 that extends conf 594783641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1350395050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504006221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 504006221 originConf 1350395050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765880900 that extends conf 504006221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074826904 that extends conf 765880900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547965072 that extends conf 504006221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
