msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 612716569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507061061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 507061061 originConf 612716569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668760567 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028811481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1090695601 originConf 1028811481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123269713 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1986581856 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1630841930 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 167693809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599556802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1612853208 originConf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44278425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7395550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 7395550 originConf 44278425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 332244937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRename1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
