msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 691096777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 691096777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991386317 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759314056 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280893032 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504091949 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142457189 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214662971 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150073560 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027662102 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463281808 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056297537 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545697138 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474572171 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561518656 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705410989 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464780924 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1136933687 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904311238 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
