msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 211649273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1932244589 originConf 211649273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000410491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173440626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 173440626 originConf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 2082545616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 173440626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569976699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 569976699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285072597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1832657711 originConf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235908203 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386020581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1257532915 originConf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1941598182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015455415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2015455415 originConf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790598448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1436944861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1436944861 originConf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 59382310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208350681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 208350681 originConf 59382310
msx-rc 0
