msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427651360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1149377174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1149377174 originConf 1427651360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766869737 that extends conf 1149377174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527882132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749486981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 749486981 originConf 1527882132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829460911 that extends conf 749486981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321772459 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 749486981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1886567481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 889422145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 889422145 originConf 1886567481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089680530 that extends conf 889422145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302987494 that extends conf 1089680530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 889422145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354280589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111247080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653345773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 653345773 originConf 2111247080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 1353759820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237144823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1031968647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1031968647 originConf 1237144823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 29774113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544628437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319426406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 319426406 originConf 544628437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 115397800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3694603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1430207342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1430207342 originConf 3694603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789282489 that extends conf 1807207655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1229184766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2135790485
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2135790485 originConf 1229184766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671811074 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
