msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2145100738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439493270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 439493270 originConf 2145100738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542780284 that extends conf 439493270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1434636236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472253745
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 472253745 originConf 1434636236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304169310 that extends conf 472253745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595892870 that extends conf 304169310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55754327 that extends conf 472253745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2075269154 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260110045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 260110045 originConf 2075269154
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406396172 that extends conf 260110045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688830933 that extends conf 1406396172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850453101 that extends conf 260110045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239712534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869888903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 869888903 originConf 1239712534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 898301550 that extends conf 869888903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836302217 that extends conf 898301550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601558011 that extends conf 869888903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1673940223 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 868606985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 868606985 originConf 1673940223
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419759642 that extends conf 868606985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676478742 that extends conf 419759642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203215704 that extends conf 868606985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1014852472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 774463363
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 774463363 originConf 1014852472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732600299 that extends conf 774463363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564924582 that extends conf 732600299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613726358 that extends conf 774463363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402097492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223319720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 223319720 originConf 402097492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911104271 that extends conf 223319720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378887957 that extends conf 911104271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679378322 that extends conf 223319720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430944617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605704531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 605704531 originConf 1430944617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331890042 that extends conf 605704531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 772426986 that extends conf 331890042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983313563 that extends conf 605704531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 739057265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1857929208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1857929208 originConf 739057265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440977839 that extends conf 1857929208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651290455 that extends conf 1440977839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674808302 that extends conf 1857929208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822346985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754589518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 754589518 originConf 1822346985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311264892 that extends conf 754589518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101876868 that extends conf 1311264892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604231899 that extends conf 754589518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1436767320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493169675
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1493169675 originConf 1436767320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330880391 that extends conf 1493169675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180660362 that extends conf 330880391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461350970 that extends conf 1493169675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1439514329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2032235065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2032235065 originConf 1439514329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829714752 that extends conf 2032235065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757128555 that extends conf 1829714752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507740455 that extends conf 2032235065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605642837 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986388564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1986388564 originConf 1605642837
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873894291 that extends conf 1986388564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616761544 that extends conf 1873894291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81085491 that extends conf 1986388564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 34657371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970918446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1970918446 originConf 34657371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925548946 that extends conf 1970918446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060256136 that extends conf 1925548946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858299171 that extends conf 1970918446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2002439480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 796099200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 796099200 originConf 2002439480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378941586 that extends conf 796099200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682707311 that extends conf 1378941586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072262630 that extends conf 796099200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
