msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNewStartInProgressTail
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613255205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897115967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1897115967 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460201727 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611241809 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463355115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201466784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1201466784 originConf 1463355115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807328355 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168340825 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762809053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932536213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1932536213 originConf 762809053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032326802 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360936478 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040817488 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330890784 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336851459 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273227748 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297981380 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314752699 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307140690 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262280111 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31624943 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90569653 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611529703 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866596095 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636179303 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622869689 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1782803913 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710623214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832292933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 832292933 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955324150 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871346140 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710409102 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970449547 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1926027290 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247168202 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328209161 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060510551 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710623214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2034975583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2034975583 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062181581 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830300753 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093773598 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233561003 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665565246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 665565246 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049348234 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131443568 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153399866 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1626529981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1799424291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298255649 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355883038 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491911867 that extends conf 2034975583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNewStartInProgressTail
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testNewStartInProgressTail
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
