msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387620926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1387620926 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753426788 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698747943 that extends conf 753426788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622613647 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622820646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577245010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 577245010 originConf 622820646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 628487793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657125852 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1964926542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1964926542 originConf 1657125852
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985487390 that extends conf 1622135821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54176060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2111247080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2111247080 originConf 54176060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266093632 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237144823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1031968647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1031968647 originConf 1237144823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 995631377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1279469670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1279469670 originConf 995631377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 1279469670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1691858720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1279469670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 364480205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 401891515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 401891515 originConf 364480205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1949126165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735330400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98974893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 98974893 originConf 1735330400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1437983537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 741390111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 374646930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 374646930 originConf 741390111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 374646930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956746660 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220432328 that extends conf 374646930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 435803541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 639467920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 639467920 originConf 435803541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458748394 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680150616 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
