msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153525747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 786468308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 786468308 originConf 153525747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637027464 that extends conf 786468308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1873428060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1143347280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1143347280 originConf 1873428060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305406879 that extends conf 1143347280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722200172 that extends conf 1305406879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481670660 that extends conf 1143347280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 57276586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1306168298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1306168298 originConf 57276586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161505828 that extends conf 1306168298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050152143 that extends conf 161505828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334473660 that extends conf 1306168298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1835806476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1039803031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1039803031 originConf 1835806476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700962693 that extends conf 1039803031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908694322 that extends conf 700962693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468094958 that extends conf 1039803031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 372960830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1089187864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1089187864 originConf 372960830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725500383 that extends conf 1089187864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598067165 that extends conf 1725500383 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096689720 that extends conf 1089187864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484308985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 130439115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 130439115 originConf 1484308985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632561056 that extends conf 130439115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259688918 that extends conf 1632561056 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164854814 that extends conf 130439115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625714849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 921791913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 921791913 originConf 1625714849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185117111 that extends conf 921791913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468727009 that extends conf 185117111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23280170 that extends conf 921791913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2092626370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824201186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 824201186 originConf 2092626370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450325768 that extends conf 824201186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758941579 that extends conf 450325768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986363249 that extends conf 824201186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
