msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperations
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125964210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038105753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2038105753 originConf 1125964210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941836856 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366803687 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033917063 that extends conf 366803687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924966548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1924966548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1936375962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1423752095 originConf 1936375962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906347731 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123166613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1833335943 originConf 1123166613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747721875 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670153696 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569976699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 569976699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338770454 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 369333979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 35068320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 35068320 originConf 369333979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145302895 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360440329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2110785285 originConf 1360440329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178259104 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577442875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356476647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 356476647 originConf 577442875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737935282 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573023937 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445999733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 425107133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 425107133 originConf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465179762 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394349340 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256350655 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239937174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424226973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 424226973 originConf 239937174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303846650 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668385683 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973174587 that extends conf 1033917063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperations
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testDelegationTokenOperations
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
