msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2100583281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506269087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 506269087 originConf 2100583281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895702764 that extends conf 506269087 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1579582429 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103151808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 103151808 originConf 1579582429
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858080799 that extends conf 103151808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201793671 that extends conf 1858080799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699501291 that extends conf 103151808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1209989881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 157780512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 157780512 originConf 1209989881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753530504 that extends conf 157780512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593879158 that extends conf 1753530504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557478707 that extends conf 157780512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 878426913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228021166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1228021166 originConf 878426913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756549291 that extends conf 1228021166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755595910 that extends conf 756549291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654275733 that extends conf 1228021166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1874057520 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 986825859
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 986825859 originConf 1874057520
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363707854 that extends conf 986825859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759236353 that extends conf 1363707854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238303497 that extends conf 986825859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603193425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1142739202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1142739202 originConf 1603193425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239526476 that extends conf 1142739202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7434049 that extends conf 239526476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968086986 that extends conf 1142739202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356295468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1148572694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1148572694 originConf 356295468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158672932 that extends conf 1148572694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106849665 that extends conf 158672932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861731859 that extends conf 1148572694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1236867807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1708330641
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1708330641 originConf 1236867807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301373194 that extends conf 1708330641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485887438 that extends conf 301373194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850483609 that extends conf 1708330641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430516799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360029103
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1360029103 originConf 1430516799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774965122 that extends conf 1360029103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149712852 that extends conf 1774965122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248804675 that extends conf 1360029103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 893687444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 29847097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 29847097 originConf 893687444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817668519 that extends conf 29847097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425400393 that extends conf 817668519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108862073 that extends conf 29847097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 705101734 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 746885994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 746885994 originConf 705101734
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540987053 that extends conf 746885994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660338513 that extends conf 540987053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099000631 that extends conf 746885994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1818431142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285606165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 285606165 originConf 1818431142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606200526 that extends conf 285606165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538887886 that extends conf 1606200526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712561254 that extends conf 285606165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
