msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816468391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 11383031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 11383031 originConf 816468391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830453209 that extends conf 11383031 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836488083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1466164900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1466164900 originConf 1836488083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537651980 that extends conf 1466164900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1680002593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 94551583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 94551583 originConf 1680002593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480452180 that extends conf 94551583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772616802 that extends conf 1480452180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42753667 that extends conf 94551583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2054816425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1801812208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1801812208 originConf 2054816425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219343812 that extends conf 1801812208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482118795 that extends conf 219343812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736339472 that extends conf 1801812208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1610193666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 614242105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 614242105 originConf 1610193666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903920126 that extends conf 614242105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61033392 that extends conf 1903920126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037079779 that extends conf 614242105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378997630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697537851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 697537851 originConf 1378997630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082139315 that extends conf 697537851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47149578 that extends conf 1082139315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976890116 that extends conf 697537851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8432404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 399367340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 399367340 originConf 8432404
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1292915755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 540870795
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 540870795 originConf 1292915755
msx-rc 0
