msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327539680 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332234405 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173059685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 173059685 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012095985 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915197647 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452460123 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102546473 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40985603 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016843844 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54559923 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56639317 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141676341 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141667699 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565930194 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803344774 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800243678 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383431293 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101100152 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249812899 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354046121 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668296428 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402066696 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835375180 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263529305 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687338585 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614272879 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152997020 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123710433 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584590543 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525664643 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373344541 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254850946 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112599115 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197299424 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404573910 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912500020 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385631418 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279819531 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457517441 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472045837 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515024857 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2130357354 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239958612 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522246976 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082575571 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148429101 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935748508 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324620803 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471044002 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113404782 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058575848 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42574917 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936215769 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
