msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210281271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76659128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76659128 originConf 210281271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 76659128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2061226112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443173326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1443173326 originConf 2061226112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817054343 that extends conf 1443173326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393198164 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418851979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1538462491 originConf 1418851979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1538462491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 824900551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896708863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1896708863 originConf 824900551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205496410 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1906549136 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1149388444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1149388444 originConf 1906549136
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 1149388444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138933223 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166361824 that extends conf 1149388444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1047873000 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 503353142
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 503353142 originConf 1047873000
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643646293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076462213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1076462213 originConf 1643646293
msx-rc 0
