msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 856632069 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059279544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1059279544 originConf 856632069
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087393702 that extends conf 1059279544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1246529880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1236998666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1236998666 originConf 1246529880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393044974 that extends conf 1236998666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328345721 that extends conf 393044974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204697197 that extends conf 1236998666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1712675883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 316676326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 316676326 originConf 1712675883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2130798059 that extends conf 316676326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037441036 that extends conf 2130798059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536166157 that extends conf 316676326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 713030535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1921143444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1921143444 originConf 713030535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435333022 that extends conf 1921143444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903580278 that extends conf 435333022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630493564 that extends conf 1921143444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437399182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504258359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 504258359 originConf 1437399182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246107941 that extends conf 504258359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216334559 that extends conf 1246107941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910518741 that extends conf 504258359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380808323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1834850105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1834850105 originConf 380808323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404165106 that extends conf 1834850105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942172219 that extends conf 404165106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014061668 that extends conf 1834850105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1117728860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1323087352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1323087352 originConf 1117728860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277130382 that extends conf 1323087352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123627383 that extends conf 1277130382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840232288 that extends conf 1323087352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924494379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 479257940
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 479257940 originConf 1924494379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859070008 that extends conf 479257940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566152090 that extends conf 1859070008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956810534 that extends conf 479257940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2121368231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1594046454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1594046454 originConf 2121368231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451041644 that extends conf 1594046454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838053875 that extends conf 451041644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778593516 that extends conf 1594046454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 533067247 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1738761227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1738761227 originConf 533067247
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919008769 that extends conf 1738761227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445907357 that extends conf 919008769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612130762 that extends conf 1738761227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794412809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393306797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 393306797 originConf 794412809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677565818 that extends conf 393306797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398367116 that extends conf 1677565818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383849261 that extends conf 393306797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 446196445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095470194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2095470194 originConf 446196445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366790185 that extends conf 2095470194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979246222 that extends conf 1366790185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343211361 that extends conf 2095470194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 636354506 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2011120047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2011120047 originConf 636354506
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124815490 that extends conf 2011120047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374519773 that extends conf 2124815490 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78897517 that extends conf 2011120047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1798293894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060862335
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2060862335 originConf 1798293894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622652962 that extends conf 2060862335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574258342 that extends conf 1622652962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110063333 that extends conf 2060862335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 245168214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830128583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1830128583 originConf 245168214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 189261864 that extends conf 1830128583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979352806 that extends conf 189261864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565288875 that extends conf 1830128583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 374696171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 193917160
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 193917160 originConf 374696171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092400793 that extends conf 193917160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265518053 that extends conf 1092400793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1889525667 that extends conf 193917160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740075184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1195053751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1195053751 originConf 740075184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747213101 that extends conf 1195053751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644294718 that extends conf 1747213101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109536304 that extends conf 1195053751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
