msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1173504361 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1869177530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173440626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670153696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 670153696 originConf 173440626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 196025267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423586012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803768841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 803768841 originConf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29369803 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602530280 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532756055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 866901553
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 866901553 originConf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1875520143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2040623756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2040623756 originConf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079278380 that extends conf 1392271025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206946689 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466577384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1559788797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1559788797 originConf 466577384
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 142103421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65982709 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183995527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439693138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1439693138 originConf 183995527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985869725 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487764004 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1949672824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 723602324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 723602324 originConf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1643379640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550080835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62915435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 62915435 originConf 1550080835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050247525 that extends conf 365864880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124376339 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471019696 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1881419576 originConf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516536489 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2060432982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541135648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 541135648 originConf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1933799970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10304615
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 10304615 originConf 1933799970
msx-rc 0
