msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testCountLiveReplicas
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1017792343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296928719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1290614253 originConf 1296928719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984567559 that extends conf 1290614253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 984567559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 1290614253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 980533504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 980533504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1986581856 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060928475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773238925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 773238925 originConf 1060928475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298724898 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 298724898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137989065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872088401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1872088401 originConf 1137989065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 1872088401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296234255 that extends conf 1116197959 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 1872088401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285463992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227903899
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1227903899 originConf 1285463992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471633238 that extends conf 1227903899 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 525527919 that extends conf 1471633238 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734635893 that extends conf 1227903899 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481402298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 481402298 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727236 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testCountLiveReplicas
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testCountLiveReplicas
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
