msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testBlockReceived
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259630944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123226989
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1123226989 originConf 259630944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673672784 that extends conf 1123226989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832283291 that extends conf 673672784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224060798 that extends conf 1123226989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324507700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 302987494
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 302987494 originConf 324507700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94682872 that extends conf 302987494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 302987494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541942595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 24334184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 24334184 originConf 1541942595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 24334184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 1112758237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 24334184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1478334108 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1478334108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 49547843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760401098 that extends conf 1478334108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 923013679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 245530164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 245530164 originConf 923013679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 245530164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748097277 that extends conf 1296928719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637601612 that extends conf 245530164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testBlockReceived
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestPendingReconstruction#testBlockReceived
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
