msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testSetXAttr
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981159997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 981159997 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 498134055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 28145535
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 28145535 originConf 498134055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 28145535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 28145535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 877363600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1971283804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1971283804 originConf 877363600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98974893 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 741390111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 374646930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 374646930 originConf 741390111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 374646930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956746660 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220432328 that extends conf 374646930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2112135199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876908140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 876908140 originConf 2112135199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709700394 that extends conf 876908140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029645118 that extends conf 1709700394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680150616 that extends conf 876908140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testSetXAttr
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testSetXAttr
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
