msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionLosingData
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 422330142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775514090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 775514090 originConf 422330142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372469954 that extends conf 775514090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276748028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 276748028 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650332494 that extends conf 1324173038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564892747 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1963974958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 1963974958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1863100050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586658150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 586658150 originConf 1863100050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765988040 that extends conf 586658150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667229522 that extends conf 1765988040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138988212 that extends conf 586658150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 260638966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1722334656
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1722334656 originConf 260638966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888337589 that extends conf 1722334656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577975966 that extends conf 888337589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149550433 that extends conf 1722334656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1236338843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1364562804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1364562804 originConf 1236338843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400941553 that extends conf 1364562804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749479241 that extends conf 1400941553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663478327 that extends conf 1364562804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2062302834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 806360741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 806360741 originConf 2062302834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206189480 that extends conf 806360741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939315764 that extends conf 1206189480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78393511 that extends conf 806360741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionLosingData
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDecommissioningStatus#testDecommissionLosingData
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
