msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCachePool
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1276544608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1276544608 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910896157 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044825144 that extends conf 1910896157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612693043 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917277283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103132232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1103132232 originConf 917277283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36550900 that extends conf 1924966548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1088744071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465909321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 465909321 originConf 1088744071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 465909321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 49969897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 465909321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 103118806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158124724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 995631377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 995631377 originConf 1158124724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316001196 that extends conf 574077658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611502040 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807207655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 401891515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 401891515 originConf 1807207655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1949126165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54134077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1437983537 originConf 54134077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 1437983537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 834562889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810196347 that extends conf 1437983537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828610686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137989065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1137989065 originConf 828610686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439361845 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565079667 that extends conf 1439361845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2005706991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 151515831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 151515831 originConf 2005706991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969856053 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185164978 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396851684 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCachePool
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testAddCachePool
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
