msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227755469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 227755469 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819940427 that extends conf 227755469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086068243 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2051598050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1971152916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1971152916 originConf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479734028 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174586025 that extends conf 479734028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905847077 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701681793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078239671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078239671 originConf 701681793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksRemovedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
