msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 842957574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 366916060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 366916060 originConf 842957574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238431319 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1412656257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1412656257 originConf 238431319
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402207819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355766307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1355766307 originConf 402207819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 203048480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704214570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 889928215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 889928215 originConf 1704214570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736458419 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405055124 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1756160273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1229184766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1229184766 originConf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251285265 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499418021 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810196347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880533231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 880533231 originConf 810196347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624693846 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238994373 that extends conf 624693846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 249515830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 215478702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 215478702 originConf 249515830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 215478702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435297131 that extends conf 13117403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256893889 that extends conf 215478702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
