msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCorruptionDuringWrt
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532651323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 155079644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 155079644 originConf 1532651323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727263501 that extends conf 155079644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 840911881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 728202816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 728202816 originConf 840911881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017669811 that extends conf 728202816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286651371 that extends conf 2017669811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889454611 that extends conf 728202816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1394269199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714118582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1714118582 originConf 1394269199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265467086 that extends conf 1714118582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68203708 that extends conf 265467086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124277069 that extends conf 1714118582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1701463144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2021633279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2021633279 originConf 1701463144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54842917 that extends conf 2021633279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473985121 that extends conf 54842917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427107318 that extends conf 2021633279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 338755944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393119215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 393119215 originConf 338755944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249121333 that extends conf 393119215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614324856 that extends conf 249121333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390320914 that extends conf 393119215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1265215676 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147121221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1147121221 originConf 1265215676
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015953401 that extends conf 1147121221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648117086 that extends conf 2015953401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565829814 that extends conf 1147121221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226540882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1640151231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1640151231 originConf 226540882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250814454 that extends conf 1640151231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559479415 that extends conf 250814454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683572696 that extends conf 1640151231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 862004262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 528850734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 528850734 originConf 862004262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1140335976 that extends conf 528850734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190136957 that extends conf 1140335976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618483743 that extends conf 528850734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1549570736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2062788702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2062788702 originConf 1549570736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057515450 that extends conf 2062788702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877637034 that extends conf 1057515450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819883338 that extends conf 2062788702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1535206057 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1958772306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1958772306 originConf 1535206057
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580880710 that extends conf 1958772306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3834517 that extends conf 1580880710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093462011 that extends conf 1958772306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2125468057 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688550627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1688550627 originConf 2125468057
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999489891 that extends conf 1688550627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852992659 that extends conf 1999489891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210803028 that extends conf 1688550627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCorruptionDuringWrt
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestCrcCorruption#testCorruptionDuringWrt
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
