msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithFormat
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 601008104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056418216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2056418216 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765795529 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158258131 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144284609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 34871826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 34871826 originConf 2144284609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508059488 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1870209957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957099969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1957099969 originConf 1870209957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195801026 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467919411 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924670829 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261641385 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804272168 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827719950 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669982361 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275791490 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629378043 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523064467 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344692061 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42800773 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492669324 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665123978 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447012067 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591847721 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710623214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832292933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 832292933 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787491022 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262853242 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91359190 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 832292933 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 798278875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 798278875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228798862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1228798862 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892436645 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332446555 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203905824 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697460450 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416706187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 23076423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 23076423 originConf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52451302 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526973116 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616691452 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409722479 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1545327692 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 1545327692 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779598031 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743219449 that extends conf 779598031 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108982313 that extends conf 779598031 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710623214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612496268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1612496268 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091736037 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279921122 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380695902 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376605714 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037202079 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811880447 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1314228008 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871690754 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039573012 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602323696 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416706187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1924802798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1924802798 originConf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094708010 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658024877 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23285329 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1924802798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491152599 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009673027 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878211926 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937350045 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809520570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 809520570 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992453633 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784700347 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603740496 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1146484093 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1146484093 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128077491 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 128077491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634638280 that extends conf 128077491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithFormat
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testUpgradeWithFormat
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
