msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1964513464 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183859268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 183859268 originConf 1964513464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984238290 that extends conf 183859268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188979396 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235258278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1235258278 originConf 188979396
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077514513 that extends conf 1235258278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315633679 that extends conf 1077514513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057795769 that extends conf 1235258278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1683877945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 64930596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 64930596 originConf 1683877945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274810660 that extends conf 64930596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022020235 that extends conf 1274810660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104261406 that extends conf 64930596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1124841540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1989647327
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1989647327 originConf 1124841540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192336007 that extends conf 1989647327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341076307 that extends conf 1192336007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560861888 that extends conf 1989647327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2080610830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750042176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 750042176 originConf 2080610830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764157751 that extends conf 750042176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623535909 that extends conf 1764157751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728917334 that extends conf 750042176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 498505959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832699880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 832699880 originConf 498505959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723604055 that extends conf 832699880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153551144 that extends conf 723604055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380257005 that extends conf 832699880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 860435528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1212141116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1212141116 originConf 860435528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846281747 that extends conf 1212141116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1483202619 that extends conf 846281747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774073523 that extends conf 1212141116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 583135983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 873407854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 873407854 originConf 583135983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063946388 that extends conf 873407854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207070088 that extends conf 1063946388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700018237 that extends conf 873407854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 978371680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 544569567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 544569567 originConf 978371680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311749544 that extends conf 544569567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271290183 that extends conf 1311749544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531778334 that extends conf 544569567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1559064094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829070885
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1829070885 originConf 1559064094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921712414 that extends conf 1829070885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300577702 that extends conf 1921712414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261816226 that extends conf 1829070885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 296344346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1981728293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1981728293 originConf 296344346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78016269 that extends conf 1981728293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681053984 that extends conf 78016269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284437032 that extends conf 1981728293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1046703517 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802223778
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1802223778 originConf 1046703517
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011722593 that extends conf 1802223778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746986036 that extends conf 1011722593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678823192 that extends conf 1802223778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145382543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1619906271
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1619906271 originConf 1145382543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28766466 that extends conf 1619906271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628890557 that extends conf 28766466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759569437 that extends conf 1619906271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 241323081 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 151765859
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 151765859 originConf 241323081
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330196757 that extends conf 151765859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1284468536 that extends conf 330196757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944265936 that extends conf 151765859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1603531973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 413111025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 413111025 originConf 1603531973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249493474 that extends conf 413111025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384421977 that extends conf 249493474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878511346 that extends conf 413111025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
