msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 647538206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1128480969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1128480969 originConf 647538206
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762027116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842119351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1842119351 originConf 1762027116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405999306 that extends conf 1842119351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842119351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1741157116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1741157116 originConf 1842119351
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1969002529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 718211432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 718211432 originConf 1969002529
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449212932 that extends conf 718211432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232184765 that extends conf 1449212932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916999969 that extends conf 718211432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 549665766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1665950788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1665950788 originConf 549665766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827791787 that extends conf 1665950788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022082918 that extends conf 827791787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470034358 that extends conf 1665950788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529546971 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957853228
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1957853228 originConf 1529546971
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416016515 that extends conf 1957853228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009969257 that extends conf 1416016515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466441974 that extends conf 1957853228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2137153481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951982839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1951982839 originConf 2137153481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116966892 that extends conf 1951982839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414288147 that extends conf 2116966892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905236805 that extends conf 1951982839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61206567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851371633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1851371633 originConf 61206567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39299609 that extends conf 1851371633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112037922 that extends conf 39299609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 760706347 that extends conf 1851371633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050584175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643172052
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1643172052 originConf 2050584175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878818774 that extends conf 1643172052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357314082 that extends conf 878818774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174890204 that extends conf 1643172052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1996189367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1422871940
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1422871940 originConf 1996189367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776218942 that extends conf 1422871940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194171831 that extends conf 1776218942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638536606 that extends conf 1422871940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2006878472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567275592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 567275592 originConf 2006878472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693634347 that extends conf 567275592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251605649 that extends conf 693634347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218935585 that extends conf 567275592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214906725 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 965772640
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 965772640 originConf 214906725
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356692672 that extends conf 965772640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842962087 that extends conf 356692672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486701446 that extends conf 965772640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471868639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 132785184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 132785184 originConf 1471868639
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762027116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 600936967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 600936967 originConf 1762027116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780910705 that extends conf 600936967 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 600936967 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767219184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.4 uniqueConf 767219184 originConf 600936967
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2105581140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 850451414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 850451414 originConf 2105581140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738405661 that extends conf 850451414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690543602 that extends conf 1738405661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132679330 that extends conf 850451414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1925452880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2017781780
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2017781780 originConf 1925452880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632715525 that extends conf 2017781780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235632523 that extends conf 1632715525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 155405094 that extends conf 2017781780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 440849783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706978206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 706978206 originConf 440849783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980395826 that extends conf 706978206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28687566 that extends conf 980395826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 921413747 that extends conf 706978206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507084849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 607208663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 607208663 originConf 507084849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1341946680 that extends conf 607208663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904843739 that extends conf 1341946680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448192286 that extends conf 607208663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1682309779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838371480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 838371480 originConf 1682309779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588242646 that extends conf 838371480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220045580 that extends conf 588242646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304491749 that extends conf 838371480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 729042545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106763618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1106763618 originConf 729042545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379793047 that extends conf 1106763618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548050933 that extends conf 1379793047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317647035 that extends conf 1106763618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1341410843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1264470984
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1264470984 originConf 1341410843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910260601 that extends conf 1264470984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171413125 that extends conf 910260601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631738294 that extends conf 1264470984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110008321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1789496543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1789496543 originConf 1110008321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2002741331 that extends conf 1789496543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129384872 that extends conf 2002741331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012430332 that extends conf 1789496543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 411952507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 409460013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 409460013 originConf 411952507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070249850 that extends conf 409460013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175130887 that extends conf 2070249850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918125190 that extends conf 409460013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testSPSWhenFileHasLowRedundancyBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
