msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1838283314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1115992291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1115992291 originConf 1838283314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052510544 that extends conf 1115992291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1592089679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226315911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1226315911 originConf 1592089679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379641578 that extends conf 1226315911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118592847 that extends conf 379641578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631263137 that extends conf 1226315911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1802663815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1122766726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1122766726 originConf 1802663815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238950742 that extends conf 1122766726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492229920 that extends conf 238950742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911307547 that extends conf 1122766726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2032663595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 548354091
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 548354091 originConf 2032663595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078335509 that extends conf 548354091 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451939030 that extends conf 2078335509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135714122 that extends conf 548354091 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 937245493 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 856546280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 856546280 originConf 937245493
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141575269 that extends conf 856546280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312765807 that extends conf 1141575269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359922364 that extends conf 856546280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1007026450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355797631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1355797631 originConf 1007026450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622247257 that extends conf 1355797631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2309754 that extends conf 622247257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755035371 that extends conf 1355797631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1461655433 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1645363697
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1645363697 originConf 1461655433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722205255 that extends conf 1645363697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186407293 that extends conf 1722205255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102735973 that extends conf 1645363697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907413886 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 193869139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 193869139 originConf 1907413886
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715244220 that extends conf 193869139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330200983 that extends conf 1715244220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504353832 that extends conf 193869139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1849271353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1559633164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1559633164 originConf 1849271353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292280976 that extends conf 1559633164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621614487 that extends conf 1292280976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373415210 that extends conf 1559633164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1940775563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1067599016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1067599016 originConf 1940775563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465882571 that extends conf 1067599016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849903082 that extends conf 465882571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477865699 that extends conf 1067599016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1838283314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 232266230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 232266230 originConf 1838283314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957455390 that extends conf 232266230 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686793208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45878782
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 45878782 originConf 686793208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359086319 that extends conf 45878782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412109203 that extends conf 1359086319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376325026 that extends conf 45878782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 158541027 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 154115371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 154115371 originConf 158541027
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365852488 that extends conf 154115371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585977411 that extends conf 1365852488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 853520484 that extends conf 154115371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125825988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 204941604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 204941604 originConf 125825988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965279270 that extends conf 204941604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105334371 that extends conf 965279270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651450175 that extends conf 204941604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1507633391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15667947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 15667947 originConf 1507633391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548809602 that extends conf 15667947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143172370 that extends conf 548809602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683044647 that extends conf 15667947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020325080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1785702914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1785702914 originConf 2020325080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450993088 that extends conf 1785702914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192792037 that extends conf 1450993088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750155727 that extends conf 1785702914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427574834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 606107526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 606107526 originConf 1427574834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84247032 that extends conf 606107526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899520491 that extends conf 84247032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711665306 that extends conf 606107526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
