msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1258372214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333392524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 333392524 originConf 1258372214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478334108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726051009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 726051009 originConf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687501326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451959555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 451959555 originConf 687501326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1807207655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1243350866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 642538759
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 642538759 originConf 1243350866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 642538759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632841653 that extends conf 391827378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753259207 that extends conf 642538759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
