msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStats
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497792075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1352944495
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1352944495 originConf 497792075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332152527 that extends conf 1352944495 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117045220 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439848609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 439848609 originConf 117045220
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291347500 that extends conf 439848609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030565898 that extends conf 291347500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881429147 that extends conf 439848609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1636913842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1044532719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1044532719 originConf 1636913842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181770917 that extends conf 1044532719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832794429 that extends conf 1181770917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234372788 that extends conf 1044532719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1503436090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 756669211
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 756669211 originConf 1503436090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532784581 that extends conf 756669211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111653181 that extends conf 532784581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303507266 that extends conf 756669211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1712619864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 934998566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 934998566 originConf 1712619864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49461341 that extends conf 934998566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829038683 that extends conf 49461341 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81644531 that extends conf 934998566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 583943664 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1573029218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1573029218 originConf 583943664
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628348502 that extends conf 1573029218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428844094 that extends conf 628348502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814712046 that extends conf 1573029218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063256780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774689525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1774689525 originConf 2063256780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610118565 that extends conf 1774689525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622441119 that extends conf 1610118565 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29918946 that extends conf 1774689525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStats
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStats
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
