msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testSuccessfulBaseCase
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402115881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325056130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1325056130 originConf 402115881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324829744 that extends conf 1325056130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821100643 that extends conf 1325056130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593768538 that extends conf 1821100643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191864687 that extends conf 1821100643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466032056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726212590
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 726212590 originConf 466032056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907241392 that extends conf 726212590 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373544591 that extends conf 726212590 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409565350 that extends conf 373544591 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771923297 that extends conf 373544591 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321772459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 321772459 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 321772459 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820677667 that extends conf 321772459 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064883371 that extends conf 820677667 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 820677667 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466032056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024945312
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2024945312 originConf 466032056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029645118 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1011104118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1011104118 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713546896 that extends conf 1011104118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466032056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 144467413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 144467413 originConf 466032056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612496268 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703627308 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979420182 that extends conf 703627308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 703627308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1799424291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1799424291 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105282397 that extends conf 1799424291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919576980 that extends conf 1799424291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 1919576980 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1919576980 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testSuccessfulBaseCase
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testSuccessfulBaseCase
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
