msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102103410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 102103410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816468636 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760401098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372137902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1372137902 originConf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489831627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 140428850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 140428850 originConf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1340051218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828088650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 828088650 originConf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305552520 that extends conf 809860628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011481270 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1756160273 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015122628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811787796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1811787796 originConf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2011695710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2075718496
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2075718496 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749587202 that extends conf 2075718496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693595463 that extends conf 1749587202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117457224 that extends conf 2075718496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery12
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
