msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testGenerated
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2093010349 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787079037
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1787079037 originConf 2093010349
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1787079037 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187972599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1774468680 originConf 1187972599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507061061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1370495328 originConf 507061061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533672820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069584108 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128961136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2128961136 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658785779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1951500432 originConf 1658785779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907467420 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097069005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1745608181 originConf 1097069005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 1896558831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testGenerated
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testGenerated
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
