msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42544488 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1845517769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2095788421 originConf 1845517769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063737662 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507819576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1939022383 originConf 507819576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513867245 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26757919 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840469894 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82538932 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828001009 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765712148 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029539558 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757509755 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293407967 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815392786 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100600040 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321087342 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536686839 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057746870 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952532626 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 289066360 that extends conf 2095788421 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053731061 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493158871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1493158871 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320391287 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079701861 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116349821 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1926027290 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016162524 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964724538 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509793834 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138240933 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 172518776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 172518776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240843015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1416706187 originConf 1240843015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895479349 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012370106 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619244129 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878295569 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1545327692 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 1545327692 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510368405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 510368405 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533972343 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355883038 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491911867 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407166825 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037202079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 2037202079 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67222590 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923951335 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352642946 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240843015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882706486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 882706486 originConf 1240843015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41783435 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250565389 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316494114 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010136881 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036231217 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978309504 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873165348 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561038153 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503879345 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeSafeModeWithBlockLocations
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeSafeModeWithBlockLocations
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testObserverNodeSafeModeWithBlockLocations
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
