msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397318359 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965036946 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1314228008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1771687225 originConf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698498109 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665308978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1622863652 originConf 1665308978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1402333753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1395173825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777190206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 777190206 originConf 1395173825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1296654536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118571592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809128217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 809128217 originConf 2118571592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872047468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133177937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 133177937 originConf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552416003 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113273959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1095849663 originConf 2113273959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801142660 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757032717 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199000084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 142261320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 142261320 originConf 199000084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117885704 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394424498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239937174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 239937174 originConf 394424498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161118423 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781459498 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003737182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777970377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 777970377 originConf 1003737182
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605783571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783882192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 783882192 originConf 1605783571
msx-rc 0
