msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 643587433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 643587433 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098568947 that extends conf 643587433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101451553 that extends conf 1098568947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333879495 that extends conf 643587433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1968298538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1675239551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1675239551 originConf 1968298538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084920982 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 2084920982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256350655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066582857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1066582857 originConf 1256350655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360332263 that extends conf 1066582857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1066582857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1953175805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1277716905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1277716905 originConf 1953175805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459035867 that extends conf 1277716905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706883010 that extends conf 1459035867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679442449 that extends conf 1277716905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415469015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 624637962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 624637962 originConf 1415469015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605190078 that extends conf 624637962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570294012 that extends conf 1605190078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682031750 that extends conf 624637962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726519676 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 975905570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 975905570 originConf 1726519676
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948835427 that extends conf 975905570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788545647 that extends conf 1948835427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020632821 that extends conf 975905570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2117043942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66972878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66972878 originConf 2117043942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660915526 that extends conf 66972878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280263013 that extends conf 660915526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182985125 that extends conf 66972878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 284034271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 124540047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 124540047 originConf 284034271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689717017 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333938290 that extends conf 1689717017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681015501 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 270734602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 461155951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 461155951 originConf 270734602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917607102 that extends conf 461155951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066656936 that extends conf 1917607102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986238875 that extends conf 461155951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520830206 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
