msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlockInFBR#testAddBlockInFullBlockReport
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1029472944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973752831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 973752831 originConf 1029472944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181363940 that extends conf 973752831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 532223402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 490717428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 490717428 originConf 532223402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890266958 that extends conf 490717428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231674560 that extends conf 1890266958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775521617 that extends conf 490717428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1967264942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834935131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 834935131 originConf 1967264942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041825562 that extends conf 834935131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586687144 that extends conf 1041825562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763480317 that extends conf 834935131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2025879787 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158872504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 158872504 originConf 2025879787
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995667981 that extends conf 158872504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593146211 that extends conf 995667981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608018324 that extends conf 158872504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1063270437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933519989
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1933519989 originConf 1063270437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564305054 that extends conf 1933519989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609871089 that extends conf 1564305054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1065584709 that extends conf 1933519989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937594404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999522825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1999522825 originConf 1937594404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430021961 that extends conf 1999522825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032024893 that extends conf 430021961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978836902 that extends conf 1999522825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 746638153 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1329862815
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1329862815 originConf 746638153
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761673822 that extends conf 1329862815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 606636893 that extends conf 761673822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074156172 that extends conf 1329862815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198725715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949341996
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 949341996 originConf 198725715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601020277 that extends conf 949341996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914705207 that extends conf 1601020277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211725717 that extends conf 949341996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2009302034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628938791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1628938791 originConf 2009302034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455549810 that extends conf 1628938791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708770474 that extends conf 1455549810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216045058 that extends conf 1628938791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822281924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 816087991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 816087991 originConf 822281924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265571522 that extends conf 816087991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106536058 that extends conf 1265571522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68650946 that extends conf 816087991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlockInFBR#testAddBlockInFullBlockReport
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlockInFBR#testAddBlockInFullBlockReport
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
