msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1526062841 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594195094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 594195094 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202907617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 933646237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 933646237 originConf 1202907617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361921411 that extends conf 933646237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564893839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1676010932 originConf 564893839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409326129 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278751879 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719540563 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570554356 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561781664 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669099850 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768160131 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388950549 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385167265 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072342119 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577009292 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705112917 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175415475 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076517103 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037056217 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830353463 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
