msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828241083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 779018428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 779018428 originConf 828241083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 2050275256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 918899286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481594007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1481594007 originConf 918899286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 1592763413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121466124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220432328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 220432328 originConf 121466124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401737458 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 894781571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 894781571 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684474782 that extends conf 894781571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866245001 that extends conf 1684474782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285271037 that extends conf 894781571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
