msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockPlacementPolicyRackFaultTolerant#testChooseTarget
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081964843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 608817143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 608817143 originConf 2081964843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112797307 that extends conf 608817143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 608817143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094199074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1710783020 originConf 1094199074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187972599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402978317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 402978317 originConf 1187972599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 402978317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 402978317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 503144273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1862674654 originConf 503144273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1420012431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 331748029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 331748029 originConf 1420012431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 331748029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 235151116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 331748029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1055104416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1211586911 originConf 1055104416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965036946 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653515020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 348148678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 348148678 originConf 653515020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611502040 that extends conf 348148678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708926121 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 348148678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564086167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499418021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1499418021 originConf 564086167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769252629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 554634433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 554634433 originConf 1769252629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982876486 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 1982876486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625939772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1870749311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1870749311 originConf 1625939772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108318195 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285754614 that extends conf 2108318195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701724503 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562950869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1562950869 originConf 701724503
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448277333 that extends conf 1562950869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310792845 that extends conf 1448277333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011104118 that extends conf 1562950869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 778337881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1940912369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1940912369 originConf 778337881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710228600 that extends conf 1940912369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392570698 that extends conf 1710228600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128158063 that extends conf 1940912369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970377948 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 800456240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 800456240 originConf 1970377948
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848163207 that extends conf 800456240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243102466 that extends conf 1848163207 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 800456240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704869156 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562685863 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13643661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792381498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1792381498 originConf 13643661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164289802 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 756637412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1223303171 originConf 756637412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500697171 that extends conf 1223303171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707901480 that extends conf 1223303171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockPlacementPolicyRackFaultTolerant#testChooseTarget
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestBlockPlacementPolicyRackFaultTolerant#testChooseTarget
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
