msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041451158 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 901815188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 901815188 originConf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090289474 that extends conf 288797801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808527451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202907617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202907617 originConf 1808527451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261838162 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859823482 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 128028301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665512315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 665512315 originConf 128028301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 665512315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873168630 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 665512315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220813917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1553077867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1553077867 originConf 1220813917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1553077867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694519286 that extends conf 1553077867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386020581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1257532915 originConf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142261320 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1387671967 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1540219992 originConf 1387671967
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788698111 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164757726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1370597622 originConf 164757726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985679444 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809456409 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[36]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
