msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 851480926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 851480926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202064342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 202064342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914740115 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1338770454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428022141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1428022141 originConf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 754707140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 754707140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819897025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730955696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 730955696 originConf 1819897025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335256857 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413946856 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286134778 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 293667566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 187649742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 187649742 originConf 293667566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001284816 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146346292 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532297836 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568159144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371932487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 371932487 originConf 1568159144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325147644 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128859746 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60221145 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142450580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957338226
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 1957338226 originConf 2142450580
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100703210 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076627578 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970707120 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279852178 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847301137 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081595126 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77811359 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334293710 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668594929 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849761121 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87609020 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150991753 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063787627 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421763409 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405345694 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992841930 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098147091 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739734305 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368335836 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298698448 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505571153 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79624483 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070354859 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
