msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 851480926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 851480926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202064342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 202064342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137667747 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502102804 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 343128256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1618326227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1618326227 originConf 343128256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 190153364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 176097974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1287455719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1287455719 originConf 176097974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 614635686 that extends conf 1287455719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 614635686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360440329 that extends conf 1287455719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892611887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269244031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 269244031 originConf 892611887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885562991 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204568533 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995986600 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332208607 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1171672359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1171672359 originConf 1332208607
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532297836 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121491280 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917704874 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992525817 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73351708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 157004450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 157004450 originConf 73351708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60221145 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966114624 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523359711 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979117606 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366741625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745966298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 745966298 originConf 1366741625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970707120 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751753651 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790229151 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665641137 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030384622 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589610983 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157971930 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089360295 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074372122 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744640426 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26209515 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188369956 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217856050 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003396844 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 500724677 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585604235 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679549425 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004169242 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226422739 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164818885 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894208903 that extends conf 157004450 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172429463 that extends conf 1171672359 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 139419336 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424463711 that extends conf 269244031 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
