msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionWithURBlockForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276748028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 276748028 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650332494 that extends conf 1324173038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564892747 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1963974958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 1963974958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103132232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 843959601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 843959601 originConf 1103132232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 758465579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85121323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1197176722
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1197176722 originConf 85121323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827579900 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612716569 that extends conf 827579900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202081661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275754769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 275754769 originConf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048128739 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203472514 that extends conf 1048128739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656349395 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689458432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158124724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 995631377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 995631377 originConf 1158124724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930317866 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042884127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514453513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514453513 originConf 2042884127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682981033 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1229184766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2135790485
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2135790485 originConf 1229184766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671811074 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215478702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 526720216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 526720216 originConf 215478702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 526720216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435803541 that extends conf 392289808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850646717 that extends conf 526720216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880533231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1509633671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1509633671 originConf 880533231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1886276981 that extends conf 1509633671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016587552 that extends conf 1886276981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540414337 that extends conf 1509633671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625901537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1489427690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1489427690 originConf 1625901537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200819096 that extends conf 1489427690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711693213 that extends conf 1200819096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825999828 that extends conf 1489427690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionWithURBlockForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionWithURBlockForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
