msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1939022383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195801026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 195801026 originConf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895766599 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003693033 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344210355 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508170272 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875778031 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793755732 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738866221 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501258896 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017372781 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501174427 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545291537 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675696825 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57866879 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366748645 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100807937 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090824089 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925328414 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 89509666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 89509666 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571729960 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693035801 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910024412 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858423246 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806635428 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183798715 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542845410 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726616678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1726616678 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453671855 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104226312 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734549824 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733973406 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 1052842393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1052842393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299145277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1299145277 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101451553 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446365919 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510475960 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122520959 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811880447
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1811880447 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076841036 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620418179 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978638783 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1811880447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1785807415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1785807415 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360878852 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966751068 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252377249 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920094955 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1862900975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1862900975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1545666472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1545666472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479802788 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1418102907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 1418102907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443928468 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259516135 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649403817 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFsckWithObserver
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1268650975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1798861270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSck.1 uniqueConf 1798861270 originConf 1268650975
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFsckWithObserver
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFsckWithObserver
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
