msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructionWithDecommission
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 612716569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507061061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 507061061 originConf 612716569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668760567 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 507061061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426288284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1056185446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1056185446 originConf 426288284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 1056185446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671816300 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1056185446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 972843820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 202064342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 202064342 originConf 972843820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 202064342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 202064342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011481270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1814908102 originConf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2114270481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 682981033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 682981033 originConf 2114270481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 682981033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 216746962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 682981033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 773238925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082528716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1082528716 originConf 773238925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152848959 that extends conf 1082528716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467401150 that extends conf 152848959 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148891937 that extends conf 1082528716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424944647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 741883443
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 741883443 originConf 424944647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13918250 that extends conf 741883443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174714624 that extends conf 13918250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 741883443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612853208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161672347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 161672347 originConf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630122462 that extends conf 161672347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645476639 that extends conf 630122462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930089183 that extends conf 161672347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1536728519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2021854618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2021854618 originConf 1536728519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929476736 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698784309 that extends conf 1929476736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055800875 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872088401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745571392
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 745571392 originConf 1872088401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700078557 that extends conf 745571392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727420902 that extends conf 1700078557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438873841 that extends conf 745571392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructionWithDecommission
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructionWithDecommission
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
