msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 612937843
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 612937843 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 612937843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 1119242936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902801188 that extends conf 612937843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1027200 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437630857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 437630857 originConf 1027200
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195064186 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 494414526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 494414526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137667747 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 838627755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 176097974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 176097974 originConf 838627755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270383967 that extends conf 2053349061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663215704 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175154004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1956060889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1956060889 originConf 1175154004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 1815592231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142735456 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testReplicationAdjusted[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
