msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1190583871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599692628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1599692628 originConf 1190583871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268188738 that extends conf 1599692628 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660909615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1686952276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1686952276 originConf 1660909615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977380147 that extends conf 1686952276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463992794 that extends conf 977380147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366752878 that extends conf 1686952276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1398362182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38701041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 38701041 originConf 1398362182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477795779 that extends conf 38701041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849486240 that extends conf 1477795779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024104771 that extends conf 38701041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 34311666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 72999173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 72999173 originConf 34311666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423592431 that extends conf 72999173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428827328 that extends conf 423592431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727317966 that extends conf 72999173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 143054196 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1587288445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1587288445 originConf 143054196
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40689682 that extends conf 1587288445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454073619 that extends conf 40689682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583720091 that extends conf 1587288445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 396235952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 28196782
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 28196782 originConf 396235952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756132602 that extends conf 28196782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243501263 that extends conf 756132602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333375765 that extends conf 28196782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696917351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 358286942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 358286942 originConf 696917351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802587705 that extends conf 358286942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353067960 that extends conf 802587705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820136679 that extends conf 358286942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1494963393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2021755649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2021755649 originConf 1494963393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708482046 that extends conf 2021755649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734378901 that extends conf 1708482046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465608186 that extends conf 2021755649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 634493024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173645680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 173645680 originConf 634493024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81440116 that extends conf 173645680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204144714 that extends conf 81440116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466645986 that extends conf 173645680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983188099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123093738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2123093738 originConf 983188099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196506885 that extends conf 2123093738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617909062 that extends conf 1196506885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89139322 that extends conf 2123093738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testReplicatedFileUnderECDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
