msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831717330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 909516251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 909516251 originConf 1831717330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992525817 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947173397 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568159144 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935689965 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1202813399 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 390034407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 390034407 originConf 1202813399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979117606 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239648666 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142450580 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103067610 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1610155589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2084863094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 2084863094 originConf 1610155589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665641137 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716411886 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126112943 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212874257 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165137662 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075236033 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635739314 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33510911 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020715696 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57914100 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854950792 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646803191 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143522533 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767112823 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713068324 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700999215 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452420452 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221106690 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910458327 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361206173 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754935475 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603557188 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797890809 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818565574 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133898132 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 543273703 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820137452 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582757486 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375043034 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172221860 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382778165 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291256259 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710113260 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608888265 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1670626337 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759064395 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229924074 that extends conf 909516251 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608658436 that extends conf 390034407 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583642006 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21173013 that extends conf 2084863094 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
