msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676888944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 458817438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 458817438 originConf 1676888944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296109622 that extends conf 458817438 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112797307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 986944742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 986944742 originConf 112797307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35864696 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988786279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 988786279 originConf 35864696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590481849 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1590481849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1598434875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1919576980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1919576980 originConf 1598434875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775120226 that extends conf 1919576980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147394515 that extends conf 1775120226 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1919576980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220524164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1050149826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1050149826 originConf 1220524164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000410491 that extends conf 1050149826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243350866 that extends conf 1050149826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500588149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1620112330 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884387196 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 509858326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691096777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 691096777 originConf 509858326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 691096777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 691096777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1938259481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2017393480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2017393480 originConf 1938259481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 2017393480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476061571 that extends conf 2017393480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465839591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253027775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 253027775 originConf 465839591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 253027775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145391264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767393855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 767393855 originConf 1145391264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 767393855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249337777 that extends conf 767393855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261052089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103234208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1103234208 originConf 261052089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521973283 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 839161014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 32206364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 32206364 originConf 839161014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998434604 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277164482 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360332263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708350323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 708350323 originConf 1360332263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386201215 that extends conf 708350323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 708350323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369977147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1790598448 originConf 1369977147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807634633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107275448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1107275448 originConf 1807634633
msx-rc 0
