msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 723063218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299275874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1299275874 originConf 723063218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116923336 that extends conf 1299275874 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523200105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 108847952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 108847952 originConf 523200105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 228071441 that extends conf 108847952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687768442 that extends conf 228071441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344629436 that extends conf 108847952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 221909325 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1208820908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1208820908 originConf 221909325
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892675178 that extends conf 1208820908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358890330 that extends conf 1892675178 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951311650 that extends conf 1208820908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129639020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145706166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1145706166 originConf 2129639020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007334779 that extends conf 1145706166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696111417 that extends conf 1007334779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769005131 that extends conf 1145706166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13155083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1404107360
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1404107360 originConf 13155083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482290301 that extends conf 1404107360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947774602 that extends conf 1482290301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199274269 that extends conf 1404107360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183331516 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1119570896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1119570896 originConf 183331516
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987283704 that extends conf 1119570896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438593896 that extends conf 987283704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112116513 that extends conf 1119570896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 287421057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 287421057 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 111496108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 111496108 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
