msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 857195952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 545391136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 545391136 originConf 857195952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852927721 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952746266 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 519492459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321560625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 321560625 originConf 519492459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576607389 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400558511 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854068796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626181311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 626181311 originConf 854068796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199652242 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792341091 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991115006 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39152898 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 326177881 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312404382 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793755732 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137607734 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766224305 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913069434 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152579767 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81377294 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37799681 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210184505 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240836197 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49513596 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85667304 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2025708897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 459283005
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 459283005 originConf 2025708897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897377332 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661823207 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637374974 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383817428 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018719891 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121791145 that extends conf 2018719891 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009876051 that extends conf 459283005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661941033 that extends conf 2009876051 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1413516928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71949021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 71949021 originConf 1413516928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410038816 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1049064400 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505994081 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478441449 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756760356 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574512740 that extends conf 1756760356 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181470561 that extends conf 71949021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146918383 that extends conf 181470561 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2025708897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1216333021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1216333021 originConf 2025708897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43906894 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235338879 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832593117 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149914043 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130336221 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794250616 that extends conf 130336221 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179783643 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379952037 that extends conf 179783643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1413516928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1721894793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1721894793 originConf 1413516928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811098663 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956297565 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672613199 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353485996 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259540517 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1922510591 that extends conf 259540517 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711667682 that extends conf 1721894793 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698916955 that extends conf 1711667682 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341261254 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 93639215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 93639215 originConf 341261254
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Finalize upgrade successful for .*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781854613 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196856835 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740335156 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Finalize upgrade successful for .*
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781854613 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196856835 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740335156 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
