msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[7]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423752095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788034018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1788034018 originConf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 197855654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 689448569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1360878852 originConf 689448569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 118881143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1844942991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723848804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1723848804 originConf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 1378280450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842952737 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1798861270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1798861270 originConf 1842952737
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817018735 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466319810 that extends conf 817018735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219638321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178259104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 178259104 originConf 219638321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584157293 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1868987089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 737935282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 737935282 originConf 1868987089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 1289563251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389247924 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847559273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1465179762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1465179762 originConf 1847559273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111710616 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[7]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[7]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
