msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testComplex
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020152163 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068586139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1068586139 originConf 2020152163
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 1068586139 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259319861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 259319861 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1752535057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437630857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 818093527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 818093527 originConf 437630857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424788681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 247644034
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 247644034 originConf 1424788681
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 247644034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481751887 that extends conf 247644034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52487168
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 52487168 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 52487168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503144273 that extends conf 52487168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008229299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1574573264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1502079282 originConf 1574573264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 1502079282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1502079282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437129801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2115087165 originConf 1437129801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298557761 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 14633842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1053744929 originConf 14633842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 50345623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761863997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 761863997 originConf 50345623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368153528 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688770224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1174714624 originConf 1688770224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352378889 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546217718 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1227224309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 678962690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 678962690 originConf 1227224309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532409428 that extends conf 678962690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144334265 that extends conf 1532409428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746117425 that extends conf 678962690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 643587433 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2065886345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2065886345 originConf 643587433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195163481 that extends conf 2065886345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011104118 that extends conf 195163481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093441885 that extends conf 2065886345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1853422837 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 528877978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 528877978 originConf 1853422837
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371440613 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612496268 that extends conf 528877978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399653041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1104654975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1104654975 originConf 399653041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 1104654975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943444495 that extends conf 339581587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678680178 that extends conf 1104654975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 498134055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 739566682
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 739566682 originConf 498134055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468026813 that extends conf 739566682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700092752 that extends conf 1468026813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248024800 that extends conf 739566682 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121891386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2005229979
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 2005229979 originConf 1121891386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565493092 that extends conf 2005229979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980431279 that extends conf 1565493092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2051166889 that extends conf 2005229979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450438867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 392980744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 392980744 originConf 450438867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392734397 that extends conf 392980744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564639053 that extends conf 392734397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856249132 that extends conf 392980744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 647877598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 647877598 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765038103 that extends conf 647877598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501959517 that extends conf 1765038103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610129588 that extends conf 647877598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testComplex
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDatanodeDeath#testComplex
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
