msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210281271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76659128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76659128 originConf 210281271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 76659128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2061226112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443173326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1443173326 originConf 2061226112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817054343 that extends conf 1443173326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 54176060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 54176060 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 774362927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642356615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116184677
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 116184677 originConf 1642356615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083154356 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482429406 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164289802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66845334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 66845334 originConf 1164289802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226298219 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1906549136 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1149388444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1149388444 originConf 1906549136
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 1149388444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138933223 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166361824 that extends conf 1149388444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123629835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1353512285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1353512285 originConf 123629835
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665317128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 35874744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 35874744 originConf 665317128
msx-rc 0
