msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1173504361 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1869177530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125865913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1204178174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1204178174 originConf 125865913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670153696 that extends conf 1204178174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441410416 that extends conf 1204178174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329481770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1338770454 originConf 329481770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979532928 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356476647 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524566446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 685219002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 685219002 originConf 524566446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631717345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006727288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1006727288 originConf 631717345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1188623367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1006727288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790598448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1436944861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1436944861 originConf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 59382310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208350681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 208350681 originConf 59382310
msx-rc 0
