msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069584108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1107404311 originConf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 451959555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1340051218 originConf 451959555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1756160273 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497479191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 622263400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 622263400 originConf 497479191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278879704 that extends conf 715289224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10405169 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238467882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352378889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 352378889 originConf 238467882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125098735 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2064476432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2064476432 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 294308253 that extends conf 2064476432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302305263 that extends conf 294308253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732936091 that extends conf 2064476432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
