msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileMoreThanOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1628289406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814111376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611502040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 611502040 originConf 814111376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1896558831 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404036116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 404036116 originConf 1896558831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14633842 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933077874 that extends conf 14633842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837533591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989033734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 989033734 originConf 1837533591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 1688770224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileMoreThanOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileMoreThanOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
