msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775574071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 205496410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 205496410 originConf 775574071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45643137 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620187937 that extends conf 45643137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243350866 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1275011461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1456265041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1456265041 originConf 1275011461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202907617 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806572546 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1432403167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562249660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1562249660 originConf 1432403167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 1562249660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615873578 that extends conf 1416097444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1562249660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030458766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288815068
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1288815068 originConf 2030458766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871580398 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1871580398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832066800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 832066800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380216561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2008907751 originConf 380216561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788698111 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164757726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1370597622 originConf 164757726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985679444 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809456409 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
