msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1760401098 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507061061 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 558404860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520656618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1520656618 originConf 558404860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1801422599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769598893 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1424497441 originConf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011342562 that extends conf 544628437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586831282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042884127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2042884127 originConf 586831282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800605369 that extends conf 1385750189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114270481 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1756160273 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913806791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 43856716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 43856716 originConf 913806791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699486292 that extends conf 896134613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709700394 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testDifferentBlockSizeReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
