msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testCheckStripedReplicaCorrupt
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1980406273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1935543074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1935543074 originConf 1980406273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468765938 that extends conf 1935543074 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 334567980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 513159244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 513159244 originConf 334567980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350660613 that extends conf 513159244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640136540 that extends conf 1350660613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010492279 that extends conf 513159244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1758688537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1258265739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1258265739 originConf 1758688537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264689948 that extends conf 1258265739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159039151 that extends conf 1264689948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200212748 that extends conf 1258265739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1751559797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033598997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1033598997 originConf 1751559797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617530388 that extends conf 1033598997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074661595 that extends conf 1617530388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697034450 that extends conf 1033598997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 335508640 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1946994787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1946994787 originConf 335508640
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736020957 that extends conf 1946994787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731571560 that extends conf 1736020957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265338518 that extends conf 1946994787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239755235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 631088736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 631088736 originConf 1239755235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609052795 that extends conf 631088736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737898182 that extends conf 609052795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476003230 that extends conf 631088736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083640244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 853604109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 853604109 originConf 1083640244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64802688 that extends conf 853604109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305546118 that extends conf 64802688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477156006 that extends conf 853604109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647721158 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 599236860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 599236860 originConf 1647721158
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719757890 that extends conf 599236860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938087847 that extends conf 719757890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043657994 that extends conf 599236860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1982504474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 461528312
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 461528312 originConf 1982504474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128053394 that extends conf 461528312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607032944 that extends conf 128053394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141134013 that extends conf 461528312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2002693120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2140618684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2140618684 originConf 2002693120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485100693 that extends conf 2140618684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043041608 that extends conf 1485100693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 163298996 that extends conf 2140618684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testCheckStripedReplicaCorrupt
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testCheckStripedReplicaCorrupt
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
