msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818093527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47918293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47918293 originConf 818093527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854989361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 854989361 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 52487168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1857910993 originConf 52487168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626626764 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862674654 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1340051218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
