msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 446488897 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 186041125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 1646163866 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 54685289 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1252733580 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1442911302 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 63919936 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1168292518 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1280508911 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 527729164 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 739216043 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 564127340 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 963012294 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 259060394 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 533129266, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1531541706 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 850180153, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1790864367 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 210886088, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1487841333 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1447798111, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 316193951 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2038516357, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 910998442 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1484457797, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1109428174 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 74299049, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1173939198 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1088219438, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1988755175 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1038769137, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 205044748 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 644310981, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1119379543 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 796949810, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2022383712 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 297148879, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 186041125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 932238928, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 186041125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 941088136, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1469557531 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1875661802, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2029908179 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1655261072, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1717246148 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1684328354, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1830920976 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1979901704, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 484838996 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 758843434, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1963993572 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 873311985, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 294265898 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 252293509, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1593632754 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1808996609, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 164659843 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1084324654, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 620862150 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1716953253, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 680542991 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1691610084, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 186041125 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1415810756, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 412314974 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 391032258, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 565587312 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1285506973, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 402047548 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 815418158, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1684002455 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 67226609, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 565383563 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1654216518, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 860639460 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 473007347, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1929823470 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1848200272, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 287805975 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 767256841, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1222439978 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 913680607, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 640733197 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1896186091, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 84121947 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 61717808, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1432315071, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1963319861, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2018731625, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 869806154, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1755482108, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 728554035, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1766190269, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 397953051, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1753011284, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1480146696, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 586898163, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockTokenWithDFSStriped#testRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
