msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1590481849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1771687225 originConf 1590481849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698498109 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665308978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1622863652 originConf 1665308978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1402333753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329481770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1338770454 originConf 329481770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1366629983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979532928 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356476647 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524566446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 142261320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 142261320 originConf 524566446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117885704 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 555740147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 2060432982 originConf 555740147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605783571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783882192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 783882192 originConf 1605783571
msx-rc 0
