msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773336805 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622863652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 168468389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1838250251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1871678080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1871678080 originConf 1838250251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232726781 that extends conf 763677574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914740115 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1457417579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1956598686
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1956598686 originConf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595188851 that extends conf 128028301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101721002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838627755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 838627755 originConf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120072844 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521389237 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638471954 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234857227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399398408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1399398408 originConf 234857227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808653065 that extends conf 943165647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142261320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319061373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 319061373 originConf 142261320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 45666436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 638525764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697145861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 697145861 originConf 638525764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846508205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1526296937 originConf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 717998169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389055824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1389055824 originConf 717998169
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475816303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 475816303
msx-rc 0
