msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testStatisticsForErasureCodingRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907934682 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252691029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1252691029 originConf 1907934682
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407342269 that extends conf 1252691029 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2126317649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2137513583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2137513583 originConf 2126317649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152867977 that extends conf 2137513583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33302249 that extends conf 152867977 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603864482 that extends conf 2137513583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997350609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1253603469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1253603469 originConf 997350609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1990853936 that extends conf 1253603469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196863984 that extends conf 1990853936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305599260 that extends conf 1253603469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 229520566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355525652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1355525652 originConf 229520566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493441219 that extends conf 1355525652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096962746 that extends conf 1493441219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429332850 that extends conf 1355525652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1262353580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203759768
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 203759768 originConf 1262353580
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912429326 that extends conf 203759768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812967583 that extends conf 1912429326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577208472 that extends conf 203759768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1524934248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51109124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 51109124 originConf 1524934248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667436662 that extends conf 51109124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620512514 that extends conf 667436662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648280899 that extends conf 51109124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 566566635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 355310799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 355310799 originConf 566566635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678627119 that extends conf 355310799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450988763 that extends conf 678627119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344297707 that extends conf 355310799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 728548308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31931002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 31931002 originConf 728548308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781858249 that extends conf 31931002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393280957 that extends conf 781858249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965672035 that extends conf 31931002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237162221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 246429986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 246429986 originConf 1237162221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359755409 that extends conf 246429986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602205017 that extends conf 1359755409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2001456017 that extends conf 246429986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690353988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 147489561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 147489561 originConf 690353988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656087150 that extends conf 147489561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78258275 that extends conf 656087150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568285681 that extends conf 147489561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testStatisticsForErasureCodingRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.client.impl.TestBlockReaderLocal#testStatisticsForErasureCodingRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
