msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041451158 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 901815188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 901815188 originConf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090289474 that extends conf 288797801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928174253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1217089772 originConf 1928174253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199150625 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1432403167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562249660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1562249660 originConf 1432403167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 1562249660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615873578 that extends conf 1416097444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1562249660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030458766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288815068
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1288815068 originConf 2030458766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871580398 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1871580398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832066800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 832066800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380216561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2008907751 originConf 380216561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998434604 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45795770 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684541910 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557342904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 557342904 originConf 1684541910
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239937174 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516536489 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053856141 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150480094 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
