msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347016882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1347016882 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380044647 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820677667 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1388849499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015261478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2015261478 originConf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178325065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 178325065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095970915 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1694519286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65982709
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 65982709 originConf 1694519286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726515679 that extends conf 65982709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1726515679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 65982709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779479139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 739703515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 739703515 originConf 1779479139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524566446 that extends conf 368727462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1734343965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1629759610 originConf 1734343965
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465179762 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239937174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 239937174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1661803311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 655713354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 655713354 originConf 1661803311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56112634 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182949133 that extends conf 56112634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466717494 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1395105902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 388436342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 388436342 originConf 1395105902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875108260 that extends conf 388436342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930089183 that extends conf 1875108260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993452032 that extends conf 388436342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1034584766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 277601240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 277601240 originConf 1034584766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296612741 that extends conf 277601240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036704540 that extends conf 1296612741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794949943 that extends conf 277601240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 438873841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899376395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 899376395 originConf 438873841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634411546 that extends conf 899376395 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041611826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450420562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 450420562 originConf 2041611826
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167692593 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380361139 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1250816994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466661605
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 466661605 originConf 1250816994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904620350 that extends conf 466661605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801878707 that extends conf 1904620350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872417052 that extends conf 466661605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 922871524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823343982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 823343982 originConf 922871524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665317128 that extends conf 823343982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076462213 that extends conf 665317128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745701482 that extends conf 823343982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1488352537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2048888303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 2048888303 originConf 1488352537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446676917 that extends conf 2048888303 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1400671358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069531012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1069531012 originConf 1400671358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680319659 that extends conf 1069531012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31366484 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367066629 that extends conf 1069531012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 273041802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1083803390 originConf 273041802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880908391 that extends conf 1083803390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 1083803390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745966298 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566269351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1566269351 originConf 745966298
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100703210 that extends conf 1566269351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673389762 that extends conf 100703210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 1566269351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
