msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntime
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 243745864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699780352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 699780352 originConf 243745864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460201727 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611241809 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463355115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201466784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1201466784 originConf 1463355115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807328355 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424698224 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 550147359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762809053
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 762809053 originConf 550147359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777443462 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360936478 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669844312 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28455693 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864139720 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152075153 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518877814 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914838313 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786673198 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482236866 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617539743 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786791021 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992485002 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93189294 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629461498 that extends conf 762809053 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 189405807 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084209658 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553759818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1003755748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1003755748 originConf 553759818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814423236 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114377436 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491806549 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117159758 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 1003755748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837601499 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1690050988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562764987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1562764987 originConf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377301456 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259244774 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347894695 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147266853 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 1562764987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553759818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648358364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 648358364 originConf 553759818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613514326 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6119747 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648570979 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123613000 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438228197 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719547057 that extends conf 438228197 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476973576 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840940155 that extends conf 476973576 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1690050988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371440613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 371440613 originConf 1690050988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497558532 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696826540 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132459365 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179274641 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399225534 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490630452 that extends conf 1399225534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857007886 that extends conf 371440613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648630181 that extends conf 1857007886 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123176264 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239250059 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279874785 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416078449 that extends conf 699780352 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 416078449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 408786076
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 408786076 originConf 416078449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911953289 that extends conf 408786076 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508947211 that extends conf 408786076 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542273168 that extends conf 408786076 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176852763 that extends conf 408786076 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntime
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNdowntime
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
