msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryWillIgnoreMinReplication
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 32863545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 889486595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 889486595 originConf 32863545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154319946 that extends conf 889486595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139814130 that extends conf 154319946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949684105 that extends conf 889486595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337445186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1948580906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1948580906 originConf 337445186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865541061 that extends conf 1948580906 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 803277808 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80502530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 80502530 originConf 803277808
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65341428 that extends conf 80502530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290635194 that extends conf 65341428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134232731 that extends conf 80502530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 398766078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1000756842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1000756842 originConf 398766078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600285774 that extends conf 1000756842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631424635 that extends conf 600285774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26658008 that extends conf 1000756842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1224151061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 614563593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 614563593 originConf 1224151061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353770841 that extends conf 614563593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871210660 that extends conf 353770841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846365642 that extends conf 614563593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1429712651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1480932459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1480932459 originConf 1429712651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68029864 that extends conf 1480932459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234217381 that extends conf 68029864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841105319 that extends conf 1480932459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 447227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1353011609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1353011609 originConf 447227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529356248 that extends conf 1353011609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602245937 that extends conf 529356248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758577866 that extends conf 1353011609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryWillIgnoreMinReplication
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestBlockRecovery#testRecoveryWillIgnoreMinReplication
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
