msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCachePool
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 662666707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593768538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 593768538 originConf 662666707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749486981 that extends conf 593768538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007660652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1007660652 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541046463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4073506 that extends conf 1541046463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878991463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701681793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078239671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078239671 originConf 701681793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 664839586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 664839586 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158124724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 995631377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 995631377 originConf 1158124724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316001196 that extends conf 574077658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611502040 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 364480205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 401891515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 401891515 originConf 364480205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1949126165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 346377974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1614079837
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1614079837 originConf 346377974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 1614079837 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 773238925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811787796 that extends conf 1614079837 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 374646930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769252629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1769252629 originConf 374646930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872088401 that extends conf 1769252629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081269248 that extends conf 1872088401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1769252629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2005706991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 151515831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 151515831 originConf 2005706991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969856053 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185164978 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396851684 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCachePool
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCachePool
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
