msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117885704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 499951827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 499951827 originConf 117885704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62309924 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310350177 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311315651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1646234040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1646234040 originConf 1311315651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4015102 that extends conf 1646234040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822409149 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16196099 that extends conf 1646234040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242427797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139266166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2139266166 originConf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247348185 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889753223 that extends conf 1247348185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828535871 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 448569108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 357153703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 357153703 originConf 448569108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235195640 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 235195640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727818265 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1171713907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1350377659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1350377659 originConf 1171713907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095373876 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551994588 that extends conf 2095373876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32838705 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 971404566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749072877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 749072877 originConf 971404566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261257916 that extends conf 749072877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13001549 that extends conf 1261257916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657697023 that extends conf 749072877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299885218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1591683105 originConf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:43365: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:43365: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[29]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
