msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollback
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 501036152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 501036152 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408533352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1801704517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1801704517 originConf 1408533352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615873578 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317963297 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645208036
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 645208036 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833592262 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 923360749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584157293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 584157293 originConf 923360749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960004592 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 584157293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1941598182 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767393855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659363322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1659363322 originConf 767393855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415979460 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935520971 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775174220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 775174220 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415469015 that extends conf 775174220 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1055800875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1055800875 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490434838 that extends conf 1055800875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 32737623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706604026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 706604026 originConf 32737623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 706604026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044150758 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576191199 that extends conf 706604026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527247308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 527247308 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280263013 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745465688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 124540047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 124540047 originConf 745465688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642319693 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1996556848 that extends conf 1642319693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746590863 that extends conf 124540047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7646139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 7646139 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487287849 that extends conf 7646139 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904620350 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1621939721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1621939721 originConf 1904620350
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048888303 that extends conf 1621939721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892591894 that extends conf 2048888303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109175108 that extends conf 1621939721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollback
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollback
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
