msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum5
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452457802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 841537936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 841537936 originConf 452457802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195970976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 558404860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 558404860 originConf 195970976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911168986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1531175283 originConf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079190991 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097069005 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8996952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861522296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 861522296 originConf 8996952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353206468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1103666479 originConf 353206468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1103666479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818785904 that extends conf 1103666479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450589816 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 962700314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 962700314 originConf 450589816
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43856716 that extends conf 962700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050320909 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876908140 that extends conf 962700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum5
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum5
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
