msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52913970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 52913970 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 2116299597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437630857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234905692 originConf 437630857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214313531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 214313531 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 85357160
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 85357160 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760401098 that extends conf 85357160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 85357160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990870941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 990870941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 131037934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008608255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1008608255 originConf 131037934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989440614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50345623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 50345623 originConf 989440614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 50345623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617937669 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495051009 that extends conf 50345623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081269248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688770224
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1688770224 originConf 2081269248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238467882 that extends conf 1688770224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 238467882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324579982 that extends conf 1688770224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223144402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 233951222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 233951222 originConf 1223144402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1623287112 that extends conf 233951222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191874608 that extends conf 1623287112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828447060 that extends conf 233951222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
