msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082586457 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912638973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1912638973 originConf 1082586457
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044428462 that extends conf 1912638973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1950421769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1294661692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1294661692 originConf 1950421769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79573689 that extends conf 1294661692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880002401 that extends conf 79573689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461117961 that extends conf 1294661692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1310004905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1770127321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1770127321 originConf 1310004905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849466911 that extends conf 1770127321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894420222 that extends conf 1849466911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249786389 that extends conf 1770127321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393021876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 666390838
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 666390838 originConf 1393021876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162662612 that extends conf 666390838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038486818 that extends conf 162662612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870767251 that extends conf 666390838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 345227862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1682272125
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1682272125 originConf 345227862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935126728 that extends conf 1682272125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283820685 that extends conf 935126728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832932719 that extends conf 1682272125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319067436 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418976524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 418976524 originConf 1319067436
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411031822 that extends conf 418976524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701449749 that extends conf 1411031822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936222124 that extends conf 418976524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 895279280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 820658016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 820658016 originConf 895279280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101808456 that extends conf 820658016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081391355 that extends conf 2101808456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593584860 that extends conf 820658016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857967111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816070255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1816070255 originConf 1857967111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959181036 that extends conf 1816070255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032824616 that extends conf 959181036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098842262 that extends conf 1816070255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2117863203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589561378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 589561378 originConf 2117863203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576131249 that extends conf 589561378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925020366 that extends conf 576131249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835841988 that extends conf 589561378 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115841225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1036633987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1036633987 originConf 2115841225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680560490 that extends conf 1036633987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766667415 that extends conf 680560490 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327546457 that extends conf 1036633987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testDifferentErasureCodingPolicyCellSize
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
