msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEmpty
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 875578259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1784458032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1784458032 originConf 875578259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150397658 that extends conf 1784458032 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 652752832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 430918870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 430918870 originConf 652752832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2001102878 that extends conf 430918870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089341743 that extends conf 2001102878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392947921 that extends conf 430918870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175832026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 68486547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 68486547 originConf 1175832026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62734762 that extends conf 68486547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066010466 that extends conf 62734762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101606742 that extends conf 68486547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2097088909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 896625151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 896625151 originConf 2097088909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498695392 that extends conf 896625151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818950058 that extends conf 1498695392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652815384 that extends conf 896625151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1212590501 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117205215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 117205215 originConf 1212590501
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362153685 that extends conf 117205215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740867251 that extends conf 362153685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159045897 that extends conf 117205215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041503328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571565140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 571565140 originConf 2041503328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201909977 that extends conf 571565140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079399780 that extends conf 1201909977 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778643121 that extends conf 571565140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861661183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1887214405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1887214405 originConf 861661183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281339339 that extends conf 1887214405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45326395 that extends conf 281339339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645836229 that extends conf 1887214405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1792586695 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1559654457
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1559654457 originConf 1792586695
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148362045 that extends conf 1559654457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797121407 that extends conf 148362045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355444116 that extends conf 1559654457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1473989848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 410188998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 410188998 originConf 1473989848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784303848 that extends conf 410188998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428395018 that extends conf 1784303848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944974027 that extends conf 410188998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943653791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407507064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1407507064 originConf 1943653791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722517010 that extends conf 1407507064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250364268 that extends conf 722517010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135448660 that extends conf 1407507064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 169138311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2088727179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2088727179 originConf 169138311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882580872 that extends conf 2088727179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 760843706 that extends conf 882580872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653113538 that extends conf 2088727179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1032657552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1915790197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1915790197 originConf 1032657552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823088449 that extends conf 1915790197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951977991 that extends conf 823088449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168854495 that extends conf 1915790197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEmpty
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEmpty
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
