msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850597787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1850597787 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 179808568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238874235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1526305386 originConf 238874235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1848886161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557725225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 557725225 originConf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043317832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 439925336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 439925336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240412896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1296910502 originConf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996533593 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 309060377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917935693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 917935693 originConf 309060377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814908102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930317866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 930317866 originConf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612853208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131037934
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 131037934 originConf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918899286 that extends conf 1613332278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112940474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1671811074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1671811074 originConf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 1671811074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 1747371038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278879704 that extends conf 1671811074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testReconstructionBytesPartialGroup1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
