msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1164107853 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164107853 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983595261 that extends conf 1164107853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1328323494 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1328323494 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 1328323494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1328323494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1893899796 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1893899796 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1893899796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1893899796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2108440536 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2108440536 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1529306539 is unique for registering as hdfs:DFSAdmin
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1529306539 originConf 1529306539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 973692608 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 722160979 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 81269359 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 2066366456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2066366456 originConf 81269359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095849663 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960004592 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1095849663 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747702724 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007138812 that extends conf 1747702724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198442960 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 45666436 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 621486957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 621486957 originConf 45666436
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 2126876651 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 2126876651 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 2050247525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2050247525 originConf 2126876651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529842358 that extends conf 2050247525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 1529842358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 2050247525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 666911607 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 666911607 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 1953290071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1953290071 originConf 666911607
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 1953290071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681979935 that extends conf 624079697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439720255 that extends conf 1953290071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193625667 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56112634 that extends conf 193625667 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 193625667 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 117249632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 117249632 originConf 193625667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724399560 that extends conf 117249632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957530885 that extends conf 1724399560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929661663 that extends conf 117249632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761229698 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 761229698 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 757779849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 757779849 originConf 761229698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123664282 that extends conf 757779849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331946439 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498621286 that extends conf 1331946439 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1331946439 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 246014273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 246014273 originConf 1331946439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531782631 that extends conf 246014273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57264571 that extends conf 1531782631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208539442 that extends conf 246014273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899376395 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788545647 that extends conf 899376395 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 899376395 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 1723518396
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1723518396 originConf 899376395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 627746290 that extends conf 1723518396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 627746290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393481646 that extends conf 1723518396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688581408 that extends conf 1529306539 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940737740 that extends conf 688581408 into componenet hdfs:DFSAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 688581408 is shared with component hdfs:DFSAdmin.1, let clone and return new conf 1082886058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1082886058 originConf 688581408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171713907 that extends conf 1082886058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609960076 that extends conf 1171713907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551994588 that extends conf 1082886058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCheckPointForSecurityTokens#testSaveNamespace
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
