msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndAppend
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347016882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1347016882 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380044647 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820677667 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260638966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 260638966 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24334184 that extends conf 2035801202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 369333979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1878225987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1878225987 originConf 369333979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817018735 that extends conf 1878225987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 361903111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356691811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 356691811 originConf 361903111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286580650 that extends conf 356691811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939869193 that extends conf 1286580650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096343229 that extends conf 356691811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1289563251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2029709919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2029709919 originConf 1289563251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779479139 that extends conf 2029709919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315081042 that extends conf 1779479139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 2029709919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521973283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 903064416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 903064416 originConf 521973283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62309924 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124376339 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066582857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1066582857 originConf 124376339
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036324408 that extends conf 1066582857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164436797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1579584742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1579584742 originConf 1164436797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 1579584742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953175805 that extends conf 796774130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688917723 that extends conf 1579584742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2121645869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1905804261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1905804261 originConf 2121645869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083839 that extends conf 1905804261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395105902 that extends conf 1787083839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16196099 that extends conf 1905804261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233343686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 153443333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 153443333 originConf 233343686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788432625 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034584766 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215023524 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndAppend
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameAndAppend
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
