msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1149407083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1149407083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452457802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 841537936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 841537936 originConf 452457802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296910502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505968231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 505968231 originConf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830969563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1177101170 originConf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823758059 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 699871906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658785779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1658785779 originConf 699871906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1658785779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 1658785779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604342290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2057077925 originConf 1604342290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 2057077925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 152848959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489070295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 489070295 originConf 152848959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 489070295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200744172 that extends conf 489070295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988179589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 988179589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
