msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35068320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 915233792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 915233792 originConf 35068320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101721002 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62309924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 62309924 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 1205321651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424226973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706915627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 706915627 originConf 424226973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953175805 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48071225 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
