msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707250996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311315651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1311315651 originConf 707250996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929661663 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703232177 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233343686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 153443333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 153443333 originConf 233343686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788432625 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58421994 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 714850447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618696025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 618696025 originConf 714850447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315038402 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 1315038402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049121789 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1992630936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527247308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 527247308 originConf 1992630936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46415544 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633683828 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847839957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1269826537 originConf 847839957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87845070 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607020784 that extends conf 87845070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679587143 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368242083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924393200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 924393200 originConf 368242083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090057640 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553646796 that extends conf 1090057640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376601041 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811975204 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
