msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 603401608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577682023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 577682023 originConf 603401608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778028150 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920321355 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760763936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724736957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 724736957 originConf 1760763936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81194567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1992525817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1992525817 originConf 81194567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774095232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 979117606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 979117606 originConf 774095232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046302571 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798180728 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969969319 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505964934 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195756306 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970835830 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746745005 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007312594 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747018606 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55177803 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230975980 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399350232 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005827728 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660604930 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582720659 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44288291 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857940325 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1900019258 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840456706 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858390994 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414130551 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719243535 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689978518 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954216818 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962964165 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420692963 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121373340 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754989590 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682276373 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034855953 that extends conf 979117606 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679169242 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264201173 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227417170 that extends conf 1992525817 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184283780 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745556885 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145561992 that extends conf 724736957 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
