msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620187937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800932232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1800932232 originConf 1620187937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 1260127127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425275537 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1500697171 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118571592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809128217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 809128217 originConf 2118571592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113273959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1095849663 originConf 2113273959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801142660 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757032717 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299497914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199000084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 199000084 originConf 1299497914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 199000084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008907751 that extends conf 199000084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 839161014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 32206364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 32206364 originConf 839161014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998434604 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277164482 that extends conf 32206364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790598448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1436944861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1436944861 originConf 1790598448
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 59382310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208350681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 208350681 originConf 59382310
msx-rc 0
