msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742511313 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807660161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1807660161 originConf 742511313
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188171870 that extends conf 1807660161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1628816376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346157121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 346157121 originConf 1628816376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935715865 that extends conf 346157121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130390088 that extends conf 1935715865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441859467 that extends conf 346157121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1743429996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 190705635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 190705635 originConf 1743429996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372779560 that extends conf 190705635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033588949 that extends conf 1372779560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597545985 that extends conf 190705635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1044766298 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 162887513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 162887513 originConf 1044766298
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101433491 that extends conf 162887513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788377694 that extends conf 101433491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519983632 that extends conf 162887513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 26561616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1239310320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1239310320 originConf 26561616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042020513 that extends conf 1239310320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946937376 that extends conf 1042020513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529753591 that extends conf 1239310320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360187943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147274861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1147274861 originConf 1360187943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544098406 that extends conf 1147274861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637714696 that extends conf 544098406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139493582 that extends conf 1147274861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
