msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAllocateBlockId
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052383731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 459309263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 459309263 originConf 2052383731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845026718 that extends conf 459309263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1718060332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1047009546
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1047009546 originConf 1718060332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635250454 that extends conf 1047009546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269584739 that extends conf 635250454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259491397 that extends conf 1047009546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909477828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1547071072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1547071072 originConf 909477828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981113441 that extends conf 1547071072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943760823 that extends conf 981113441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468576979 that extends conf 1547071072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1564558291 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656648998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 656648998 originConf 1564558291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998457637 that extends conf 656648998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352904131 that extends conf 1998457637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725012381 that extends conf 656648998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1414214851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1295238141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1295238141 originConf 1414214851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099654167 that extends conf 1295238141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103483662 that extends conf 2099654167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057485571 that extends conf 1295238141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 855314581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1278589601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1278589601 originConf 855314581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755811799 that extends conf 1278589601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371680830 that extends conf 1755811799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748332088 that extends conf 1278589601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 898540337 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904275418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1904275418 originConf 898540337
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615802592 that extends conf 1904275418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550164682 that extends conf 615802592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338049805 that extends conf 1904275418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 412033329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 575786798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 575786798 originConf 412033329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109870758 that extends conf 575786798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219359875 that extends conf 109870758 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1170049627 that extends conf 575786798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1660711736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 432575442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 432575442 originConf 1660711736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345499275 that extends conf 432575442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665811280 that extends conf 1345499275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626192928 that extends conf 432575442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 739958450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1004367125
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1004367125 originConf 739958450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136016330 that extends conf 1004367125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968206224 that extends conf 136016330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355242759 that extends conf 1004367125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAllocateBlockId
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAllocateBlockId
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
