msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1049590050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357686726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1357686726 originConf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313960293 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079125839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1189651769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1189651769 originConf 1079125839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841166421 that extends conf 1360541835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207988207 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780399359 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testOperationsThroughMountLinks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testOperationsThroughMountLinks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testOperationsThroughMountLinks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
