msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollision
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1697281847 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878861517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 878861517 originConf 1697281847
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785625589 that extends conf 878861517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 785625589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 878861517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1892869131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1984328477 originConf 1892869131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568949719 that extends conf 1984328477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 1984328477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008547236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2108440536 originConf 2008547236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478334108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1481751887 originConf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 280223635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1009916891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1009916891 originConf 280223635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1009916891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855724043 that extends conf 1009916891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060935276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254955665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 254955665 originConf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202064342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237264838
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1237264838 originConf 202064342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377160602 that extends conf 1237264838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 1237264838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185203393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1365197105 originConf 185203393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004655561 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1789282489 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604342290
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1604342290 originConf 1789282489
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 1604342290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1222094219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530410619 that extends conf 1604342290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437983537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2107706203 originConf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1811942924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285463992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1285463992 originConf 1811942924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 1285463992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75356024 that extends conf 1837533591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 1285463992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollision
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollision
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
