msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testChangeRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 218314832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657188552
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 657188552 originConf 218314832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826898319 that extends conf 657188552 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 594234602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703600319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 703600319 originConf 594234602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552165147 that extends conf 703600319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377599127 that extends conf 552165147 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439308338 that extends conf 703600319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984963470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1328379095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1328379095 originConf 984963470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512330719 that extends conf 1328379095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276625956 that extends conf 512330719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165110254 that extends conf 1328379095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1294012028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1402939550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1402939550 originConf 1294012028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830601782 that extends conf 1402939550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552536261 that extends conf 830601782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549706115 that extends conf 1402939550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732480599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2112735020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2112735020 originConf 732480599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742747471 that extends conf 2112735020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 294800058 that extends conf 742747471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196001795 that extends conf 2112735020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2025153391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2097232696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2097232696 originConf 2025153391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277515965 that extends conf 2097232696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786243523 that extends conf 277515965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345097459 that extends conf 2097232696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791057525 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177240505
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1177240505 originConf 1791057525
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421511410 that extends conf 1177240505 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503576236 that extends conf 1421511410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003304467 that extends conf 1177240505 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1469948268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895937228
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1895937228 originConf 1469948268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127243681 that extends conf 1895937228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534274108 that extends conf 127243681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106668796 that extends conf 1895937228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1576912022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1587040318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1587040318 originConf 1576912022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693667774 that extends conf 1587040318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162583461 that extends conf 1693667774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304229234 that extends conf 1587040318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 436256474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 554926534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 554926534 originConf 436256474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765082508 that extends conf 554926534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810107357 that extends conf 1765082508 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763772733 that extends conf 554926534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testChangeRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testChangeRootDirEcPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
