msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1956550710 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613369077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1613369077 originConf 1956550710
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630568738 that extends conf 1613369077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1474142198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1587810525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1587810525 originConf 1474142198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79637447 that extends conf 1587810525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028004956 that extends conf 79637447 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021077884 that extends conf 1587810525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1232147353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1994580912
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1994580912 originConf 1232147353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194003181 that extends conf 1994580912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258140155 that extends conf 1194003181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50949476 that extends conf 1994580912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1219428087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 257182380
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 257182380 originConf 1219428087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135499588 that extends conf 257182380 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334628385 that extends conf 1135499588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324186322 that extends conf 257182380 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1666648699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300864600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1300864600 originConf 1666648699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522263310 that extends conf 1300864600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743575847 that extends conf 522263310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037498240 that extends conf 1300864600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2043634895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 141695220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 141695220 originConf 2043634895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45993202 that extends conf 141695220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034180372 that extends conf 45993202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451095118 that extends conf 141695220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1148837562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1953127609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1953127609 originConf 1148837562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023280060 that extends conf 1953127609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373544259 that extends conf 1023280060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131638820 that extends conf 1953127609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 881119215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46287570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 46287570 originConf 881119215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894687624 that extends conf 46287570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134553100 that extends conf 1894687624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133260783 that extends conf 46287570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042554118 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1247760719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1247760719 originConf 2042554118
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825667031 that extends conf 1247760719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191187517 that extends conf 1825667031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75342272 that extends conf 1247760719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2145971677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 610576297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 610576297 originConf 2145971677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18257081 that extends conf 610576297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764356613 that extends conf 18257081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365123256 that extends conf 610576297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2085586645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 910656105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 910656105 originConf 2085586645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276963450 that extends conf 910656105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255301873 that extends conf 1276963450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475075786 that extends conf 910656105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2086752599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 363971974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 363971974 originConf 2086752599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132486778 that extends conf 363971974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823068049 that extends conf 1132486778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 607901836 that extends conf 363971974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764612923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 581888422
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 581888422 originConf 764612923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533483566 that extends conf 581888422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321391917 that extends conf 1533483566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365321755 that extends conf 581888422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 907417227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 363096413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 363096413 originConf 907417227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304522709 that extends conf 363096413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432276925 that extends conf 1304522709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830949418 that extends conf 363096413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 200127244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1786602247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1786602247 originConf 200127244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777490035 that extends conf 1786602247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923098984 that extends conf 1777490035 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952374988 that extends conf 1786602247 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1956550710 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769532357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 769532357 originConf 1956550710
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066531076 that extends conf 769532357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshotWithRandomECPolicy#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirAfterNNRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
