msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWhenDecreasingReplication
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081964843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 608817143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 608817143 originConf 2081964843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112797307 that extends conf 608817143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 608817143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094199074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1710783020 originConf 1094199074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 1710783020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1797159635 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338770454 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWhenDecreasingReplication
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWhenDecreasingReplication
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
