msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358857082 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056234595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2056234595 originConf 1358857082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325866488 that extends conf 2056234595 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375074687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 662666707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 662666707 originConf 375074687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749486981 that extends conf 662666707 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1347016882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 156199931
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 156199931 originConf 1347016882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908781622 that extends conf 156199931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363397863 that extends conf 1908781622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739737502 that extends conf 156199931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 235151116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638249646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1638249646 originConf 235151116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testResolvePathMissingThroughMountPoints2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
