msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608636166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 919398136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 919398136 originConf 608636166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842632858 that extends conf 919398136 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607721080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 100770601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 100770601 originConf 607721080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510094996 that extends conf 100770601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482137905 that extends conf 1510094996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931259912 that extends conf 100770601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248140099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951909458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 951909458 originConf 248140099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454080797 that extends conf 951909458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729631653 that extends conf 1454080797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901408085 that extends conf 951909458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1460338862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1575302841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1575302841 originConf 1460338862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131045252 that extends conf 1575302841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739293842 that extends conf 1131045252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275313881 that extends conf 1575302841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158568550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 595532511
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 595532511 originConf 1158568550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556911359 that extends conf 595532511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751888661 that extends conf 1556911359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623406997 that extends conf 595532511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1868631842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260121031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 260121031 originConf 1868631842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985033425 that extends conf 260121031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924903479 that extends conf 985033425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836415591 that extends conf 260121031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857032730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1184314158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1184314158 originConf 1857032730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962651896 that extends conf 1184314158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974536209 that extends conf 962651896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060284706 that extends conf 1184314158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649863327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081395625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1081395625 originConf 1649863327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127562643 that extends conf 1081395625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850746685 that extends conf 2127562643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067774638 that extends conf 1081395625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 954870887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 534944725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 534944725 originConf 954870887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888830200 that extends conf 534944725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742913554 that extends conf 888830200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426197686 that extends conf 534944725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1059160605 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1929444781
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1929444781 originConf 1059160605
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479194538 that extends conf 1929444781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082613500 that extends conf 479194538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306431091 that extends conf 1929444781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1347239588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1409019240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1409019240 originConf 1347239588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223835971 that extends conf 1409019240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515528948 that extends conf 223835971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638744205 that extends conf 1409019240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2014190190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1553928351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1553928351 originConf 2014190190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947149328 that extends conf 1553928351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905481761 that extends conf 947149328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944119408 that extends conf 1553928351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352275729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300486901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1300486901 originConf 352275729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118395904 that extends conf 1300486901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094529398 that extends conf 1118395904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301992491 that extends conf 1300486901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 625657640 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 56192620
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 56192620 originConf 625657640
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457196736 that extends conf 56192620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552496820 that extends conf 457196736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137990565 that extends conf 56192620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 725519858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2049150667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 2049150667 originConf 725519858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348461090 that extends conf 2049150667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992268247 that extends conf 348461090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851198175 that extends conf 2049150667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608636166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1988102489
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1988102489 originConf 608636166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993473422 that extends conf 1988102489 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1770509115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133171587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 133171587 originConf 1770509115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118533838 that extends conf 133171587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180802449 that extends conf 118533838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44986026 that extends conf 133171587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1867105034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1761746368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1761746368 originConf 1867105034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1253687445 that extends conf 1761746368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 264397918 that extends conf 1253687445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079242497 that extends conf 1761746368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 447884507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2066801014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 2066801014 originConf 447884507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806421734 that extends conf 2066801014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629300252 that extends conf 1806421734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972019089 that extends conf 2066801014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1493733370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3002235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 3002235 originConf 1493733370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038036388 that extends conf 3002235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263807714 that extends conf 1038036388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280493944 that extends conf 3002235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 898526113 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 335234816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 335234816 originConf 898526113
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867194846 that extends conf 335234816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108604605 that extends conf 1867194846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6401428 that extends conf 335234816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847828762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1014687962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1014687962 originConf 847828762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765407725 that extends conf 1014687962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929476879 that extends conf 765407725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017314093 that extends conf 1014687962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 960068448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2103960296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 2103960296 originConf 960068448
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290056438 that extends conf 2103960296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861450661 that extends conf 290056438 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242423134 that extends conf 2103960296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 395138854 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1671027029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1671027029 originConf 395138854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542566555 that extends conf 1671027029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030545965 that extends conf 542566555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249870512 that extends conf 1671027029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544346106 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1392187026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1392187026 originConf 1544346106
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824332261 that extends conf 1392187026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720740960 that extends conf 824332261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197022772 that extends conf 1392187026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1803358848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249586395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1249586395 originConf 1803358848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977111612 that extends conf 1249586395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469835849 that extends conf 1977111612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375234439 that extends conf 1249586395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStripedFile0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
