msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testBlockScheduledUpdate
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1474264492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 357658321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 357658321 originConf 1474264492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027782916 that extends conf 357658321 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033520618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1792665531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1792665531 originConf 1033520618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986755603 that extends conf 1792665531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691303155 that extends conf 1986755603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404728917 that extends conf 1792665531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830443671 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111478931
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1111478931 originConf 1830443671
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68321268 that extends conf 1111478931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765529588 that extends conf 68321268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998726290 that extends conf 1111478931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1875799433 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1934862430
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1934862430 originConf 1875799433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190077627 that extends conf 1934862430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726497086 that extends conf 1190077627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315071983 that extends conf 1934862430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 813042746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920400122
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 920400122 originConf 813042746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419540679 that extends conf 920400122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050122403 that extends conf 1419540679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232255419 that extends conf 920400122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1755588301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045076258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2045076258 originConf 1755588301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789402789 that extends conf 2045076258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144086104 that extends conf 1789402789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131829940 that extends conf 2045076258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 304279316 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 744341760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 744341760 originConf 304279316
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497113320 that extends conf 744341760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220426338 that extends conf 1497113320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2119950138 that extends conf 744341760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415886747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 580653401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 580653401 originConf 1415886747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992263813 that extends conf 580653401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687029332 that extends conf 992263813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237848499 that extends conf 580653401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 277738912 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648816124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 648816124 originConf 277738912
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440351880 that extends conf 648816124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842966969 that extends conf 1440351880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105006813 that extends conf 648816124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1537158842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567859601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 567859601 originConf 1537158842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214518759 that extends conf 567859601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220143776 that extends conf 1214518759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822642379 that extends conf 567859601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testBlockScheduledUpdate
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testBlockScheduledUpdate
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
