msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks#testReadFileWithMissingBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710942273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620893666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 620893666 originConf 710942273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215159284 that extends conf 620893666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 249627168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 417372493
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 417372493 originConf 249627168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542164567 that extends conf 417372493 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437204395 that extends conf 542164567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121966069 that extends conf 417372493 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 719961790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 53256696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 53256696 originConf 719961790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544725777 that extends conf 53256696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199826767 that extends conf 1544725777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968173336 that extends conf 53256696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1780148903 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999409858
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1999409858 originConf 1780148903
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332426111 that extends conf 1999409858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179138470 that extends conf 332426111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371006282 that extends conf 1999409858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998764944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1964441875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1964441875 originConf 1998764944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764400416 that extends conf 1964441875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853768251 that extends conf 1764400416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806782092 that extends conf 1964441875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456769825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1988057077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1988057077 originConf 456769825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570971528 that extends conf 1988057077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557119304 that extends conf 570971528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899414833 that extends conf 1988057077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 390542287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1634260958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1634260958 originConf 390542287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082373243 that extends conf 1634260958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193160142 that extends conf 1082373243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860280009 that extends conf 1634260958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208311120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 560580920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 560580920 originConf 208311120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824999904 that extends conf 560580920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277841608 that extends conf 1824999904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710766539 that extends conf 560580920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1653942318 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 716459728
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 716459728 originConf 1653942318
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830196189 that extends conf 716459728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512461632 that extends conf 1830196189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594188774 that extends conf 716459728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 408910085 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1863194328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1863194328 originConf 408910085
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082519076 that extends conf 1863194328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428340409 that extends conf 1082519076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929801825 that extends conf 1863194328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 60875850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387177823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1387177823 originConf 60875850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183081668 that extends conf 1387177823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090411409 that extends conf 1183081668 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378156642 that extends conf 1387177823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2024928192 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552403297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 552403297 originConf 2024928192
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603685763 that extends conf 552403297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976441066 that extends conf 1603685763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332603036 that extends conf 552403297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123743553 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577780585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 577780585 originConf 123743553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909172281 that extends conf 577780585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212106707 that extends conf 1909172281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982538153 that extends conf 577780585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745369010 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 800499401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 800499401 originConf 745369010
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899588531 that extends conf 800499401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862961232 that extends conf 899588531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568165597 that extends conf 800499401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 434606906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 643247576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 643247576 originConf 434606906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147286509 that extends conf 643247576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634425451 that extends conf 147286509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375696095 that extends conf 643247576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678357793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42769108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 42769108 originConf 678357793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743167395 that extends conf 42769108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093821579 that extends conf 743167395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676684047 that extends conf 42769108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 494329562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1071269731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1071269731 originConf 494329562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010895367 that extends conf 1071269731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132961068 that extends conf 2010895367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248952074 that extends conf 1071269731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733251660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 736690464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 736690464 originConf 1733251660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469670609 that extends conf 736690464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368593668 that extends conf 1469670609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291163334 that extends conf 736690464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1172269199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103029128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1103029128 originConf 1172269199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332022233 that extends conf 1103029128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568891699 that extends conf 332022233 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818134741 that extends conf 1103029128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 279823103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045074680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 2045074680 originConf 279823103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161078803 that extends conf 2045074680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404598315 that extends conf 1161078803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511632280 that extends conf 2045074680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077120840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 390062420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 390062420 originConf 2077120840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2051004977 that extends conf 390062420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672064681 that extends conf 2051004977 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091128910 that extends conf 390062420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817018101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65860557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 65860557 originConf 1817018101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113591230 that extends conf 65860557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162676119 that extends conf 2113591230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397918572 that extends conf 65860557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332411853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 400720277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 400720277 originConf 1332411853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389516766 that extends conf 400720277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057885766 that extends conf 389516766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983367957 that extends conf 400720277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208540573 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 934666499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 934666499 originConf 208540573
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292245076 that extends conf 934666499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268006869 that extends conf 292245076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471350058 that extends conf 934666499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 282016314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 707867886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 707867886 originConf 282016314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180782129 that extends conf 707867886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684892783 that extends conf 1180782129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837334370 that extends conf 707867886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352315623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533657139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 1533657139 originConf 352315623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673391048 that extends conf 1533657139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512635331 that extends conf 1673391048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223784911 that extends conf 1533657139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks#testReadFileWithMissingBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks#testReadFileWithMissingBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
