msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517758613 that extends conf 800493254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620187937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1838250251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1838250251 originConf 1620187937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921012072 that extends conf 1838250251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 1921012072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 1838250251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1752365512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223303171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1585711807 originConf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562595588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 1562595588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214768579 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832066800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 832066800 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516934601 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604602011 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584698209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 379115456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 379115456 originConf 584698209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319061373 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621486957 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 379115456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99695585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989520513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 989520513 originConf 99695585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697145861 that extends conf 989520513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425433685 that extends conf 989520513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337545117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 337545117 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 555740147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 2060432982 originConf 555740147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1139851985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 476868388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 476868388 originConf 1139851985
msx-rc 0
