msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testSetup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613255205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897115967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1897115967 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460201727 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611241809 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463355115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201466784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1201466784 originConf 1463355115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807328355 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168340825 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762809053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932536213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1932536213 originConf 762809053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032326802 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530295320 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525137721 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965327981 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844165847 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780085338 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153701023 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302380017 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955779244 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954547698 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071945683 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643762270 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378119126 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732466276 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075456493 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291738217 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930479931 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082351661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280603381
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1280603381 originConf 2082351661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384563514 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835991083 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590712299 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806121773 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016162524 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509793834 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964724538 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138240933 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082351661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 955443582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 955443582 originConf 2082351661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186657657 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45535791 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599182379 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165210896 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164394344 that extends conf 1366581056 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1776486598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1776486598 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612496268 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122520959 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043374992 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882030730 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 1184694332 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 1472012329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358781916 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461116027 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102037427 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164289802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1164289802 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755759908 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614423381 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872228585 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902156949 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682157864 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 1592712032 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082351661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774897456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1774897456 originConf 2082351661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409596180 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1621706015 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59842987 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355233420 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 1774897456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756637412 that extends conf 381930033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526852306 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079214567 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842424748 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testSetup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testSetup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
