msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599566873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1060935276 originConf 1599566873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069584108 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237264838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816397102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1816397102 originConf 1237264838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653337757 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454440929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 454440929 originConf 653337757
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455177644 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[3]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 830022179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1505669638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1505669638 originConf 830022179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961893281 that extends conf 1505669638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 961351465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911275985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1911275985 originConf 961351465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076840380 that extends conf 1911275985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658269824 that extends conf 1076840380 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372032305 that extends conf 1911275985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 640383615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393173251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1393173251 originConf 640383615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700958933 that extends conf 1393173251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634680698 that extends conf 1700958933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909271940 that extends conf 1393173251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1543558700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1882352742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1882352742 originConf 1543558700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 686152809 that extends conf 1882352742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927739386 that extends conf 686152809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709206011 that extends conf 1882352742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740383746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 554344633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 554344633 originConf 740383746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933430389 that extends conf 554344633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508372368 that extends conf 1933430389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703285470 that extends conf 554344633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137043640 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767337553
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 767337553 originConf 1137043640
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100470827 that extends conf 767337553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202968266 that extends conf 2100470827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172621055 that extends conf 767337553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1098942193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1512435408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1512435408 originConf 1098942193
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699761382 that extends conf 1512435408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234078958 that extends conf 1699761382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511770162 that extends conf 1512435408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73729791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 782621836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 782621836 originConf 73729791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428129733 that extends conf 782621836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200323363 that extends conf 428129733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099855702 that extends conf 782621836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726254736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720563325
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1720563325 originConf 1726254736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742487164 that extends conf 1720563325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490337320 that extends conf 1742487164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492597927 that extends conf 1720563325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36032911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917898097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1917898097 originConf 36032911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015670479 that extends conf 1917898097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004716085 that extends conf 1015670479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412511464 that extends conf 1917898097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[3]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
