msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117885704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 499951827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 499951827 originConf 117885704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62309924 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310350177 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1724399560 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407428730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1407428730 originConf 1724399560
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605834811 that extends conf 1407428730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083839 that extends conf 1605834811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468033320 that extends conf 1407428730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153443333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2084486251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2084486251 originConf 153443333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036704540 that extends conf 1653859230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809968973 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618696025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946884592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 946884592 originConf 618696025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438873841 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 438873841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095702106 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527247308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555895711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1555895711 originConf 527247308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294605731 that extends conf 1732513254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954936400 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 313149846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1843459456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1843459456 originConf 313149846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929985841 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823343982 that extends conf 929985841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454136448 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253380088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1492156162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1492156162 originConf 253380088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987950392 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710000932 that extends conf 987950392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890733699 that extends conf 1492156162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730575236 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:38784: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:38784: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
