msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFS
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915349526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 574268151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 574268151 originConf 915349526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518331471 that extends conf 574268151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1558395480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1988939205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1988939205 originConf 1558395480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 1988939205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 659059448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917568725 that extends conf 1988939205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834824701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457148583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1457148583 originConf 834824701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293870357 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61814127 that extends conf 293870357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112797307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 112797307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455064947 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2023917549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 943659381
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 943659381 originConf 2023917549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 943659381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 1438178266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356476647 that extends conf 943659381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 685219002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1949672824 originConf 685219002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394349340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 700837405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 700837405 originConf 394349340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 700837405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45795770 that extends conf 1701646500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111710616 that extends conf 700837405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133573230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1232703108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1232703108 originConf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732261462 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 1732261462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164436797 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 655713354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1473143631 originConf 655713354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1277716905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521746054
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 521746054 originConf 1277716905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233343686 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481402298 that extends conf 233343686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727236 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2086945474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137659163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 137659163 originConf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794949943 that extends conf 137659163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 794949943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248334686 that extends conf 137659163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2060037930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745465688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 745465688 originConf 2060037930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678889928 that extends conf 745465688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206678562 that extends conf 1678889928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393481646 that extends conf 745465688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFS
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFS
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
