msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554877309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182758821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1182758821 originConf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732189840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1959758632 originConf 732189840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756160273 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761863997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533662221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1533662221 originConf 761863997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78265654 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148891937 that extends conf 78265654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99132505 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913806791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 913806791 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 334099170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 185039617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 185039617 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815085337 that extends conf 185039617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865591983 that extends conf 1815085337 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968366381 that extends conf 185039617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
