msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959910454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1020155847
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1020155847 originConf 1959910454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733581655 that extends conf 1020155847 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347808407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 127356954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 127356954 originConf 347808407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478334108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726051009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 726051009 originConf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002041276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724028528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 724028528 originConf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237144823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1280443567 originConf 1237144823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1275011461 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1456265041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1456265041 originConf 1275011461
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202907617 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199150625 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1602530280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1407167674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1407167674 originConf 1602530280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 1407167674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173059685 that extends conf 381930033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 1407167674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095970915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61814127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 61814127 originConf 2095970915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 61814127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098737173 that extends conf 61814127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
