msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1662912171 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2017530134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1859823482
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1859823482 originConf 2017530134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 1859823482 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360440329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2110785285 originConf 1360440329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178259104 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1438178266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442465916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 442465916 originConf 1438178266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955587357 that extends conf 442465916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 442465916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261052089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103234208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1103234208 originConf 261052089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084920982 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62803825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697145861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 697145861 originConf 62803825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 706915627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1572820532 originConf 706915627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711105800 that extends conf 957387062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950125603 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1277716905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 193625667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 193625667 originConf 1277716905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585841343 that extends conf 193625667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303362110 that extends conf 1585841343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362432678 that extends conf 193625667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 679442449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775174220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 775174220 originConf 679442449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761229698 that extends conf 775174220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582702662 that extends conf 761229698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103394942 that extends conf 775174220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1498621286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 305651902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 305651902 originConf 1498621286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183213894 that extends conf 305651902 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745465688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1155437763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1155437763 originConf 745465688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 1155437763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003305136 that extends conf 2092066079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1900307803 that extends conf 1155437763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196717412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133730108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1133730108 originConf 196717412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097989776 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844700236 that extends conf 2097989776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623862380 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857562888 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1580153829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1580153829 originConf 1857562888
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284034271 that extends conf 1580153829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865982601 that extends conf 284034271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589311025 that extends conf 1580153829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 481525476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 801284613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 801284613 originConf 481525476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224192895 that extends conf 801284613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1488352537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2082232630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2082232630 originConf 1488352537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216644009 that extends conf 2082232630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086767061 that extends conf 216644009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757933443 that extends conf 2082232630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 931548023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925936450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 925936450 originConf 931548023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603401608 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577682023 that extends conf 603401608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118363130 that extends conf 925936450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1201614274 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1286134778
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1286134778 originConf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909141817 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724736957 that extends conf 1909141817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121491280 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084863094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566269351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1566269351 originConf 2084863094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491890454 that extends conf 1566269351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 753692748 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538292941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 538292941 originConf 753692748
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567391009 that extends conf 538292941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191863711 that extends conf 567391009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341887005 that extends conf 538292941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665419272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 5248993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 5248993 originConf 665419272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609116570 that extends conf 5248993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954355506 that extends conf 609116570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790598448 that extends conf 5248993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185488647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 33558975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 33558975 originConf 185488647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048869869 that extends conf 33558975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470295349 that extends conf 2048869869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549840544 that extends conf 33558975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 75480150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428469551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1428469551 originConf 75480150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951000054 that extends conf 1428469551 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711483066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 181260145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 181260145 originConf 711483066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934640468 that extends conf 181260145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357291163 that extends conf 934640468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 155140910 that extends conf 181260145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1828871453 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538593345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1538593345 originConf 1828871453
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396821493 that extends conf 1538593345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583816224 that extends conf 396821493 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602928593 that extends conf 1538593345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 747004588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596376940
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 596376940 originConf 747004588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41633258 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481853275 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494266287 that extends conf 596376940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408043496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2144912729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 2144912729 originConf 1408043496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037572328 that extends conf 2144912729 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1410514922 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 335466988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 335466988 originConf 1410514922
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247269033 that extends conf 335466988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918606013 that extends conf 247269033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134601005 that extends conf 335466988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 757541645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802073627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1802073627 originConf 757541645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131709548 that extends conf 1802073627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064315206 that extends conf 131709548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388623360 that extends conf 1802073627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1892470159 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 57407566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 57407566 originConf 1892470159
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107201631 that extends conf 57407566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684407333 that extends conf 1107201631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367612102 that extends conf 57407566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732277370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1784908921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1784908921 originConf 732277370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207953777 that extends conf 1784908921 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 174245837 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70165127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 70165127 originConf 174245837
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521270862 that extends conf 70165127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445010547 that extends conf 521270862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730595945 that extends conf 70165127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566311673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1640832113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1640832113 originConf 1566311673
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618489605 that extends conf 1640832113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507944445 that extends conf 1618489605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498748934 that extends conf 1640832113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 509104428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1564688538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1564688538 originConf 509104428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338229093 that extends conf 1564688538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434932926 that extends conf 1338229093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108367077 that extends conf 1564688538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 581364120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1845137754
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1845137754 originConf 581364120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178192958 that extends conf 1845137754 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 912790599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 358847552
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 358847552 originConf 912790599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088649990 that extends conf 358847552 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977493952 that extends conf 1088649990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248050873 that extends conf 358847552 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 5563134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1823438851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 1823438851 originConf 5563134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079167170 that extends conf 1823438851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890060621 that extends conf 1079167170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812861879 that extends conf 1823438851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 839180856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80052821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 80052821 originConf 839180856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587818510 that extends conf 80052821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871778598 that extends conf 1587818510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836614448 that extends conf 80052821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1000631907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 625971310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 625971310 originConf 1000631907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389703464 that extends conf 625971310 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452817647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1964514128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 1964514128 originConf 452817647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824327284 that extends conf 1964514128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792711692 that extends conf 1824327284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118413714 that extends conf 1964514128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1927452108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480943798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 480943798 originConf 1927452108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565096593 that extends conf 480943798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117911771 that extends conf 1565096593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729904998 that extends conf 480943798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 249109901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074976188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 1074976188 originConf 249109901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016625178 that extends conf 1074976188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622362417 that extends conf 1016625178 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913148823 that extends conf 1074976188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
