msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1722461623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137121665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1137121665 originConf 1722461623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157439898 that extends conf 1137121665 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710238989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 756632804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 756632804 originConf 710238989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2136108589 that extends conf 756632804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372319952 that extends conf 2136108589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811174144 that extends conf 756632804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 906511712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 228944010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 228944010 originConf 906511712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367220396 that extends conf 228944010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88992330 that extends conf 367220396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250718299 that extends conf 228944010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 363704221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697797405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 697797405 originConf 363704221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582367095 that extends conf 697797405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111332138 that extends conf 1582367095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628401654 that extends conf 697797405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 961077814 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 344451059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 344451059 originConf 961077814
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283265965 that extends conf 344451059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748123722 that extends conf 1283265965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109431609 that extends conf 344451059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 264842912 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 416313721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 416313721 originConf 264842912
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333515692 that extends conf 416313721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052563096 that extends conf 333515692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894293623 that extends conf 416313721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
