msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620456576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 620456576 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 635288507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1894144426 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710783020 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824570614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1369468094 originConf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 622820646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417554340 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 486348917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1293252487 originConf 486348917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1015799131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045913001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370224403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063786038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2063786038 originConf 1370224403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 234223040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613332278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 8996952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 8996952 originConf 1613332278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933077874 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132379993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 497479191
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 497479191 originConf 1132379993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811787796 that extends conf 497479191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 497479191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13918250 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 235162442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 235162442 originConf 13918250
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962700314 that extends conf 235162442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 962700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444127949 that extends conf 235162442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
