msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateKey
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1519911160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645643802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 645643802 originConf 1519911160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622863652 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932244589 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632669667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523794808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 523794808 originConf 632669667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133730108 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095373876 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943408246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1547965072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1547965072 originConf 1943408246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156385423 that extends conf 1547965072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675603360 that extends conf 1547965072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864572141 that extends conf 1547965072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900073076 that extends conf 1864572141 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 24404443 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1530638839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1530638839 originConf 24404443
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142536057 that extends conf 1530638839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761577728 that extends conf 2142536057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758705661 that extends conf 1530638839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2141178045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048274391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1048274391 originConf 2141178045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895259838 that extends conf 1048274391 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498537855 that extends conf 1048274391 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977776214 that extends conf 1048274391 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808584758 that extends conf 1977776214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 365201320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 873295241
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 873295241 originConf 365201320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733500474 that extends conf 873295241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813932100 that extends conf 1733500474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619730386 that extends conf 873295241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 556151572 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1251133097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1251133097 originConf 556151572
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073041213 that extends conf 1251133097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370979551 that extends conf 1251133097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142931081 that extends conf 1251133097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619543326 that extends conf 1142931081 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2017603323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 361423492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 361423492 originConf 2017603323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775488894 that extends conf 361423492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645557354 that extends conf 1775488894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854255346 that extends conf 361423492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 325897214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1212238315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1212238315 originConf 325897214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413005690 that extends conf 1212238315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209358542 that extends conf 1212238315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644399750 that extends conf 1212238315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134194703 that extends conf 644399750 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 840042838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1856128687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1856128687 originConf 840042838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183745381 that extends conf 1856128687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200293689 that extends conf 1183745381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094446968 that extends conf 1856128687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 15288143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 408551386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 408551386 originConf 15288143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014435252 that extends conf 408551386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33847681 that extends conf 408551386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 718904563 that extends conf 408551386 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865539378 that extends conf 718904563 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 766488161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1914526580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1914526580 originConf 766488161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257585702 that extends conf 1914526580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667737224 that extends conf 257585702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578961422 that extends conf 1914526580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605414599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 926612844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 926612844 originConf 605414599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169251264 that extends conf 926612844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2039264985 that extends conf 926612844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114087362 that extends conf 926612844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582358318 that extends conf 1114087362 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1156644651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612625071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1612625071 originConf 1156644651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285964343 that extends conf 1612625071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416579056 that extends conf 285964343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213729473 that extends conf 1612625071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateKey
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testCreateKey
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
