msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testVerifyMissingBlockGroupsMetrics
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1764696127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 423583818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 423583818 originConf 1764696127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093864783 that extends conf 423583818 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1398260359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80141040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 80141040 originConf 1398260359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124494140 that extends conf 80141040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 124494140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336775847 that extends conf 80141040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 699221219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688150025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1688150025 originConf 699221219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540476618 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933129092 that extends conf 1540476618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100708535 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834824701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 712732521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 712732521 originConf 834824701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1498016680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1498016680 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841537936 that extends conf 52487168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 668760567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439925336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 439925336 originConf 668760567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060935276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254955665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 254955665 originConf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 22668134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517758613 originConf 22668134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 1517758613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 1517758613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004655561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571956559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 571956559 originConf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1437129801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379430898 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 14633842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 14633842 originConf 379430898
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918899286 that extends conf 14633842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 918899286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98974893 that extends conf 14633842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testVerifyMissingBlockGroupsMetrics
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testVerifyMissingBlockGroupsMetrics
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
