msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUCFileInSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188791662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 188791662 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681094402 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 180078856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1914740115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1914740115 originConf 180078856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691096777 that extends conf 1914740115 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 392403246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 663215704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 663215704 originConf 392403246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465839591 that extends conf 663215704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499825229 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 663215704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 835426017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1142735456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1142735456 originConf 835426017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995531141 that extends conf 1142735456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 995531141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 1142735456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779479139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 739703515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 739703515 originConf 1779479139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524566446 that extends conf 368727462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 739703515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997224928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730583371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 730583371 originConf 1997224928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2096194236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253767021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 253767021 originConf 2096194236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655713354 that extends conf 253767021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 253767021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794563378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830231264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1830231264 originConf 794563378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395105902 that extends conf 1830231264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473313929 that extends conf 1395105902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665846007 that extends conf 1830231264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUCFileInSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUCFileInSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
