msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2619171 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2619171 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813187653 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42544488 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1845517769 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1845517769 originConf 1845517769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321203216 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 157168588 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 157168588 originConf 157168588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108297149 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094674892 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896815497 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826044325 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616555574 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848709949 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274181743 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967346267 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669508796 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584611563 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188578528 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892665223 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702812683 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37799681 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060328810 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210184505 that extends conf 157168588 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871099771 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 3565780 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 3565780 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764122151 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1543642803 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392677061 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1878992188 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1878992188 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359260382 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 971011119 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32829198 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 215759534 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 215759534 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195542839 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698243229 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970253985 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188609726 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8197402 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201568315 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9031145 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971085309 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679463478 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172968580 that extends conf 3565780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 3565780 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 688988404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 688988404 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115086468 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265720805 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599182379 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45535791 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1878992188 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 208184824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 208184824 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091967473 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904530689 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871690754 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 208184824 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 215759534 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 719182854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 719182854 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103900737 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076841036 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389947470 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993821310 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47432409 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10738565 that extends conf 688988404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226111743 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6916601 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550301286 that extends conf 719182854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testBootstrap
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017530134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 2017530134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564893839 that extends conf 1658704411 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691096777 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211832447 that extends conf 1658704411 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302908839 that extends conf 1658704411 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885619309 that extends conf 1658704411 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testBootstrap
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testBootstrap
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
