msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427040229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1427040229 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575935098 that extends conf 1427040229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1535026957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878861517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 878861517 originConf 1535026957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785625589 that extends conf 878861517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 785625589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 878861517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000410491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2040623756 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 2040623756
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1340634558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078154554
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078154554 originConf 1340634558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 2078154554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835426017 that extends conf 248495761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 2078154554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2029709919 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 369351727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 369351727 originConf 2029709919
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514793058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 514793058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822359325 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706915627 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1277716905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1473143631 originConf 1277716905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761229698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 757779849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 757779849 originConf 761229698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690294013 that extends conf 757779849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 592088871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1490434838
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1490434838 originConf 592088871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993366729 that extends conf 1490434838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809968973 that extends conf 1993366729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358169683 that extends conf 1490434838 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2092066079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1656318404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1656318404 originConf 2092066079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573800 that extends conf 1656318404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769128714 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 891175246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 891175246 originConf 1769128714
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818592781 that extends conf 891175246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946636596 that extends conf 1818592781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250816994 that extends conf 891175246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1812200214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850301256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1850301256 originConf 1812200214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150950036 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1880102535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368242083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 368242083 originConf 1880102535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591683105 that extends conf 368242083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987950392 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061806694 that extends conf 368242083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836782867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1854577712
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1854577712 originConf 836782867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163404461 that extends conf 1854577712 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778028150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347294617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1347294617 originConf 1778028150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885562991 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449664175 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1966114624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1966114624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1141811719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112200409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 112200409 originConf 1141811719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316205906 that extends conf 112200409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477463877 that extends conf 1316205906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063275841 that extends conf 112200409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1664757401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518529528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1518529528 originConf 1664757401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284123040 that extends conf 1518529528 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373220972 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 59382310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 59382310 originConf 1373220972
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208350681 that extends conf 59382310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845297077 that extends conf 208350681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836170750 that extends conf 59382310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428469551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 345780740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 345780740 originConf 1428469551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985655365 that extends conf 345780740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 684220724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254315540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 254315540 originConf 684220724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185502159 that extends conf 254315540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1185502159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724091985 that extends conf 254315540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1214753695 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1508130444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 1508130444 originConf 1214753695
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634210724 that extends conf 1508130444 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1440332016 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806121021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1806121021 originConf 1440332016
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577353545 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723689932 that extends conf 1577353545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144912729 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1886381510 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1693580552
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.14 uniqueConf 1693580552 originConf 1886381510
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048332309 that extends conf 1693580552 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647303553 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364389956
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 364389956 originConf 1647303553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466056887 that extends conf 364389956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263656423 that extends conf 466056887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268490061 that extends conf 364389956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 649681675 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 975354582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.15 uniqueConf 975354582 originConf 649681675
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811792884 that extends conf 975354582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1198450099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832828638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 832828638 originConf 1198450099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186049026 that extends conf 832828638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566760932 that extends conf 186049026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046652309 that extends conf 832828638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724525007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998103567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.16 uniqueConf 1998103567 originConf 724525007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624203949 that extends conf 1998103567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 651992021 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790851040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 790851040 originConf 651992021
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1974356511 that extends conf 790851040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047770317 that extends conf 1974356511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939829672 that extends conf 790851040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1010434098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 632115057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.17 uniqueConf 632115057 originConf 1010434098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380583278 that extends conf 632115057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128600792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 197149397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 197149397 originConf 1128600792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020897892 that extends conf 197149397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159190022 that extends conf 1020897892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131353113 that extends conf 197149397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1780298277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46852536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.18 uniqueConf 46852536 originConf 1780298277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376601584 that extends conf 46852536 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 645777794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657252457
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 657252457 originConf 645777794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734230775 that extends conf 657252457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737897289 that extends conf 734230775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648278215 that extends conf 657252457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1549623669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 185939155
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.19 uniqueConf 185939155 originConf 1549623669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964514128 that extends conf 185939155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829883631 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 927369095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 927369095 originConf 1829883631
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793469566 that extends conf 927369095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 856047451 that extends conf 1793469566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249890505 that extends conf 927369095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 133544411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622362417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.20 uniqueConf 1622362417 originConf 133544411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395257482 that extends conf 1622362417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1675603360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 172711139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 172711139 originConf 1675603360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137552114 that extends conf 172711139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775383190 that extends conf 2137552114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490466745 that extends conf 172711139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1104938392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1099248281
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.21 uniqueConf 1099248281 originConf 1104938392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850429804 that extends conf 1099248281 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253257929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2070295086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 2070295086 originConf 253257929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988062951 that extends conf 2070295086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036292945 that extends conf 1988062951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61620079 that extends conf 2070295086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370494288 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1843853990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.22 uniqueConf 1843853990 originConf 1370494288
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266068058 that extends conf 1843853990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936546050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074896491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 2074896491 originConf 936546050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836903727 that extends conf 2074896491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046467249 that extends conf 836903727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59257066 that extends conf 2074896491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1492801385 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 23737789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.23 uniqueConf 23737789 originConf 1492801385
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47925969 that extends conf 23737789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295372946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1346667529
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1346667529 originConf 295372946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74502531 that extends conf 1346667529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082579195 that extends conf 74502531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303773766 that extends conf 1346667529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 567954271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562251195
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.24 uniqueConf 1562251195 originConf 567954271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572929405 that extends conf 1562251195 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1184166964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1625097607
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1625097607 originConf 1184166964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823405912 that extends conf 1625097607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878493504 that extends conf 823405912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379972461 that extends conf 1625097607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788662008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 540876179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.25 uniqueConf 540876179 originConf 1788662008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609509548 that extends conf 540876179 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 825791803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 256004657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 256004657 originConf 825791803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762708774 that extends conf 256004657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043773344 that extends conf 762708774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47971575 that extends conf 256004657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 236002428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628848368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.26 uniqueConf 1628848368 originConf 236002428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859279938 that extends conf 1628848368 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 154146418 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1664093259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1664093259 originConf 154146418
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404150776 that extends conf 1664093259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99195804 that extends conf 1404150776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505343709 that extends conf 1664093259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 25916650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 529766927
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.27 uniqueConf 529766927 originConf 25916650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879202713 that extends conf 529766927 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989171574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1188871851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1188871851 originConf 989171574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759328722 that extends conf 1188871851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376660032 that extends conf 1759328722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037343019 that extends conf 1188871851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1952473604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2061552777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.28 uniqueConf 2061552777 originConf 1952473604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716951769 that extends conf 2061552777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 115740440 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502843539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 1502843539 originConf 115740440
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027363825 that extends conf 1502843539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800218956 that extends conf 2027363825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256084228 that extends conf 1502843539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1106933404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 969432090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.29 uniqueConf 969432090 originConf 1106933404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840737335 that extends conf 969432090 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124581953 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201324747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 1201324747 originConf 124581953
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361668462 that extends conf 1201324747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597280379 that extends conf 361668462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218632562 that extends conf 1201324747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 884868698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1434151479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.30 uniqueConf 1434151479 originConf 884868698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539682927 that extends conf 1434151479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 146605930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 244430068
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 244430068 originConf 146605930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501244955 that extends conf 244430068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678856266 that extends conf 501244955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108651663 that extends conf 244430068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620253123 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 633226335
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.31 uniqueConf 633226335 originConf 1620253123
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137401656 that extends conf 633226335 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7508078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1942163841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 1942163841 originConf 7508078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299866826 that extends conf 1942163841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792826268 that extends conf 1299866826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270812962 that extends conf 1942163841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 272220100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 95552255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.32 uniqueConf 95552255 originConf 272220100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1886186662 that extends conf 95552255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069436988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1093707336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 1093707336 originConf 1069436988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058708051 that extends conf 1093707336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603114855 that extends conf 1058708051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 480645280 that extends conf 1093707336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982313508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697001207
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.33 uniqueConf 697001207 originConf 982313508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468567811 that extends conf 697001207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256918571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299206418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 1299206418 originConf 1256918571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689262323 that extends conf 1299206418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726893578 that extends conf 1689262323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310865036 that extends conf 1299206418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1089280002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 434249609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.34 uniqueConf 434249609 originConf 1089280002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303868418 that extends conf 434249609 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 189215452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1335082762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.34 uniqueConf 1335082762 originConf 189215452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134681162 that extends conf 1335082762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381702512 that extends conf 2134681162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041676336 that extends conf 1335082762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2143108725 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 976810274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.35 uniqueConf 976810274 originConf 2143108725
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541298091 that extends conf 976810274 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103068963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 487964833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.35 uniqueConf 487964833 originConf 103068963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591063329 that extends conf 487964833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21611419 that extends conf 1591063329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275580924 that extends conf 487964833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 864078397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106488049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.36 uniqueConf 1106488049 originConf 864078397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320923274 that extends conf 1106488049 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 204937701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 886341817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.36 uniqueConf 886341817 originConf 204937701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577864993 that extends conf 886341817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733357076 that extends conf 1577864993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190550835 that extends conf 886341817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1633717786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521207494
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.37 uniqueConf 521207494 originConf 1633717786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075314220 that extends conf 521207494 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1138121345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1155844982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.37 uniqueConf 1155844982 originConf 1138121345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651379334 that extends conf 1155844982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096511898 that extends conf 1651379334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022290617 that extends conf 1155844982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testDNStorageStates
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
