msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2002097394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2002097394 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871542036 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435175610 that extends conf 1871542036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027837674 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087440001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1087440001 originConf 2027837674
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676428380 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 27053221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1442342557 originConf 27053221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368955890 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 368955890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049837144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1368193098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1368193098 originConf 2049837144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035357140 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159694255 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665846007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860941277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 860941277 originConf 665846007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993452032 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247575268 that extends conf 993452032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592088871 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455726379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 311788384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 311788384 originConf 455726379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248334686 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421163163 that extends conf 1248334686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573800 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299661385 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876881599
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 876881599 originConf 1299661385
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497983329 that extends conf 876881599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181372317 that extends conf 1497983329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839182545 that extends conf 876881599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 110296358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645015141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 645015141 originConf 110296358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827843776 that extends conf 645015141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694329275 that extends conf 827843776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082673402 that extends conf 645015141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053695609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569959775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 569959775 originConf 1053695609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880102535 that extends conf 569959775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313869647 that extends conf 1880102535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90096982 that extends conf 569959775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705281026 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
