msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161382705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1161382705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052399527 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410958248 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678115778 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1472036907 originConf 678115778
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878225987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842952737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1842952737 originConf 1878225987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 1842952737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722160979 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153802607 that extends conf 1842952737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 78816013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219638321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 219638321 originConf 78816013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959055079 that extends conf 219638321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340634558 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 219638321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254692047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868987089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1868987089 originConf 254692047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353580491 that extends conf 1868987089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88335763 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 1868987089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 499951827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1847559273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1847559273 originConf 499951827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697441364 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582277082 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1122118227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1640458320 originConf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572820532 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048444228 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625428489 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458905542 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
