msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818093527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47918293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47918293 originConf 818093527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 247644034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1720865719 originConf 247644034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981487964 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 779018428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814377348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 814377348 originConf 779018428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033880954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1539038539 originConf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1324402066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1902756121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1902756121 originConf 1324402066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029566086 that extends conf 1902756121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720683045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533567564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 533567564 originConf 1720683045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540391664 that extends conf 533567564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133037236 that extends conf 1540391664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878717245 that extends conf 533567564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070584352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059353870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1059353870 originConf 2070584352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668538663 that extends conf 1059353870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541982888 that extends conf 668538663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798464822 that extends conf 1059353870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347890820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1380592678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1380592678 originConf 347890820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159017954 that extends conf 1380592678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585090062 that extends conf 1159017954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608664346 that extends conf 1380592678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 931325807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604748743
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1604748743 originConf 931325807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323072798 that extends conf 1604748743 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591327475 that extends conf 1323072798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964810081 that extends conf 1604748743 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 240209747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 835372090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 835372090 originConf 240209747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128945404 that extends conf 835372090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190759332 that extends conf 128945404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866811909 that extends conf 835372090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2107656318 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769977474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1769977474 originConf 2107656318
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541721118 that extends conf 1769977474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934816625 that extends conf 541721118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706846216 that extends conf 1769977474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1289803838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829100404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1829100404 originConf 1289803838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564767030 that extends conf 1829100404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37859417 that extends conf 1564767030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23097264 that extends conf 1829100404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296310008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1633476492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1633476492 originConf 1296310008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073739707 that extends conf 1633476492 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1516573357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859484076
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 859484076 originConf 1516573357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231481503 that extends conf 859484076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328959737 that extends conf 1231481503 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995168331 that extends conf 859484076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 221088130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1489398471
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1489398471 originConf 221088130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889176284 that extends conf 1489398471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370547155 that extends conf 889176284 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392060331 that extends conf 1489398471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882059271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1764666486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1764666486 originConf 882059271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084993486 that extends conf 1764666486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742703809 that extends conf 1084993486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420243094 that extends conf 1764666486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362632301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622476590
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1622476590 originConf 1362632301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675876628 that extends conf 1622476590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430773483 that extends conf 675876628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591899356 that extends conf 1622476590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725186801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102249877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 102249877 originConf 1725186801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751079096 that extends conf 102249877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969197582 that extends conf 751079096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639861756 that extends conf 102249877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207129712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 95181833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 95181833 originConf 1207129712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372653960 that extends conf 95181833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131791274 that extends conf 1372653960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670704154 that extends conf 95181833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1498083869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1835016761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1835016761 originConf 1498083869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389802978 that extends conf 1835016761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592761860 that extends conf 389802978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646490090 that extends conf 1835016761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505727365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837793987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1837793987 originConf 505727365
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67178386 that extends conf 1837793987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 98326209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1377538496
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1377538496 originConf 98326209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283342315 that extends conf 1377538496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966647243 that extends conf 1283342315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689431251 that extends conf 1377538496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 795045681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2103588525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 2103588525 originConf 795045681
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869386041 that extends conf 2103588525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344272103 that extends conf 1869386041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910029707 that extends conf 2103588525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 25390543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 617237721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 617237721 originConf 25390543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689255481 that extends conf 617237721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213270240 that extends conf 689255481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785146187 that extends conf 617237721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1286684415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 654003468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 654003468 originConf 1286684415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653798429 that extends conf 654003468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060590486 that extends conf 1653798429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327637038 that extends conf 654003468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 328542327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996698786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1996698786 originConf 328542327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259412109 that extends conf 1996698786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529922883 that extends conf 1259412109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364498971 that extends conf 1996698786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 25047591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1542098582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1542098582 originConf 25047591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928721168 that extends conf 1542098582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404746918 that extends conf 928721168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752330780 that extends conf 1542098582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1056457339 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 610386045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 610386045 originConf 1056457339
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896098999 that extends conf 610386045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341982393 that extends conf 896098999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972821892 that extends conf 610386045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingWorkerXmitsWeight
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
