msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1381956723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 497040087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 497040087 originConf 1381956723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696840064 that extends conf 497040087 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1332709331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133392105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1133392105 originConf 1332709331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550242063 that extends conf 1133392105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186567186 that extends conf 1550242063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114492132 that extends conf 1133392105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1672485755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 354636660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 354636660 originConf 1672485755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175111422 that extends conf 354636660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594906254 that extends conf 175111422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310707910 that extends conf 354636660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 718183428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851086690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1851086690 originConf 718183428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393242558 that extends conf 1851086690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397989387 that extends conf 1393242558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309741794 that extends conf 1851086690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676901510 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 713786815
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 713786815 originConf 1676901510
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626153758 that extends conf 713786815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527037368 that extends conf 1626153758 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518063641 that extends conf 713786815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1697705118 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1773682883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1773682883 originConf 1697705118
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872676820 that extends conf 1773682883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816168633 that extends conf 1872676820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653056648 that extends conf 1773682883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 148206537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831490252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1831490252 originConf 148206537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745792510 that extends conf 1831490252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600754191 that extends conf 1745792510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763078861 that extends conf 1831490252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1135962140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1542675384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1542675384 originConf 1135962140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685144912 that extends conf 1542675384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748339484 that extends conf 685144912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502278864 that extends conf 1542675384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816496556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800590985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1800590985 originConf 816496556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37600913 that extends conf 1800590985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247835301 that extends conf 37600913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258627538 that extends conf 1800590985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 654294635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1098231616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1098231616 originConf 654294635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981722770 that extends conf 1098231616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907701411 that extends conf 981722770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541932770 that extends conf 1098231616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1742167828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 619363303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 619363303 originConf 1742167828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112747352 that extends conf 619363303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517357641 that extends conf 2112747352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926115743 that extends conf 619363303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1019317747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1209522681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1209522681 originConf 1019317747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644685723 that extends conf 1209522681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020417171 that extends conf 1644685723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101109645 that extends conf 1209522681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
