msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 864248990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 864248990 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832283291 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1832283291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984328477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009916891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1068232840 originConf 1009916891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748097277 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132369181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4181455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 4181455 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377160602 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331290750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754777736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 754777736 originConf 331290750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320281496 that extends conf 754777736 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683007609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 774480406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 774480406 originConf 683007609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214251187 that extends conf 774480406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513480 that extends conf 214251187 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201401829 that extends conf 774480406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1064295101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 502975810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 502975810 originConf 1064295101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870581778 that extends conf 502975810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999910521 that extends conf 870581778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243541197 that extends conf 502975810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 82189010 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733143466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1733143466 originConf 82189010
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 921283626 that extends conf 1733143466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182706884 that extends conf 921283626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929149261 that extends conf 1733143466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1426456781 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811853777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1811853777 originConf 1426456781
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323296601 that extends conf 1811853777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651371646 that extends conf 1323296601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277934801 that extends conf 1811853777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 550443695 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905210809
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 905210809 originConf 550443695
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989502060 that extends conf 905210809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613526137 that extends conf 1989502060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521143081 that extends conf 905210809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624728218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1739870231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1739870231 originConf 1624728218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615163577 that extends conf 1739870231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50858231 that extends conf 1615163577 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546636601 that extends conf 1739870231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437522197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2028877158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 2028877158 originConf 437522197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798847130 that extends conf 2028877158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140041424 that extends conf 1798847130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046182037 that extends conf 2028877158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1012148598 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371261436
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1371261436 originConf 1012148598
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125538526 that extends conf 1371261436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864465933 that extends conf 125538526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505466971 that extends conf 1371261436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620252586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1530998797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1530998797 originConf 1620252586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950309239 that extends conf 1530998797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595353257 that extends conf 950309239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512976865 that extends conf 1530998797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
