msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554877309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182758821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1182758821 originConf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539038539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1769598893 originConf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604616170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586831282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 586831282 originConf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37400149 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481594007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 874153561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 874153561 originConf 1481594007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 790229674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497479191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 622263400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 622263400 originConf 497479191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278879704 that extends conf 715289224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10405169 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238467882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352378889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 352378889 originConf 238467882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125098735 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
