msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1399530366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541180884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1541180884 originConf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920338964 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582594612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478206790
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 478206790 originConf 1582594612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270419506 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837585401 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208149791 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120481649 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498004280 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237429662 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612893504 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141322791 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745504847 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009997363 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1228914207 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426671454 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236035748 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814717762 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90123779 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695100379 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588929658 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239468260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258266180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 258266180 originConf 1239468260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969697448 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284757711 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612780794 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877339618 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093757737 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192521350 that extends conf 1093757737 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028928999 that extends conf 258266180 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476765730 that extends conf 2028928999 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1772259414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 825401121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 825401121 originConf 1772259414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954773792 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795741728 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271765311 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 792799770 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121816470 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946575380 that extends conf 2121816470 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980257717 that extends conf 825401121 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521916659 that extends conf 980257717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239468260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 503574007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 503574007 originConf 1239468260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126096950 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904654505 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287450370 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318068307 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803540737 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392248852 that extends conf 1803540737 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899446523 that extends conf 503574007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396287355 that extends conf 1899446523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1772259414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 817016227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 817016227 originConf 1772259414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257117773 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308081162 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961400966 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010504294 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377591401 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428640145 that extends conf 1377591401 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896671081 that extends conf 817016227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112908179 that extends conf 1896671081 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 316028586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1078472438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1078472438 originConf 316028586
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testMetaSaveNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
