msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507061061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1370495328 originConf 507061061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647243882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 235151116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 235151116 originConf 1647243882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533672820 that extends conf 235151116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246264949 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 235151116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814908102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930317866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 930317866 originConf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612853208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131037934
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 131037934 originConf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918899286 that extends conf 1613332278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982991266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274464059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 274464059 originConf 982991266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796162269 that extends conf 274464059 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1591101171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809035344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 809035344 originConf 1591101171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953648553 that extends conf 809035344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606418457 that extends conf 953648553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646621120 that extends conf 809035344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1351378345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 422056762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 422056762 originConf 1351378345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201144254 that extends conf 422056762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952467632 that extends conf 1201144254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501479608 that extends conf 422056762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566675197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 486855074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 486855074 originConf 1566675197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025740417 that extends conf 486855074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005976805 that extends conf 2025740417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583702004 that extends conf 486855074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142850741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 763650417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 763650417 originConf 2142850741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585430644 that extends conf 763650417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078636321 that extends conf 1585430644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759474333 that extends conf 763650417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173295835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133567483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 133567483 originConf 173295835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767409568 that extends conf 133567483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227979592 that extends conf 1767409568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132489511 that extends conf 133567483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302849311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 83869538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 83869538 originConf 1302849311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026466059 that extends conf 83869538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315817953 that extends conf 2026466059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817647020 that extends conf 83869538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144520090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252530755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1252530755 originConf 2144520090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703476924 that extends conf 1252530755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481989385 that extends conf 1703476924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1867045607 that extends conf 1252530755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 790259356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1195199894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1195199894 originConf 790259356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843529805 that extends conf 1195199894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237542690 that extends conf 1843529805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526880853 that extends conf 1195199894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1007219179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 403347088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 403347088 originConf 1007219179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154864379 that extends conf 403347088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182623979 that extends conf 154864379 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077801139 that extends conf 403347088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
