msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773336805 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622863652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 168468389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442205321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 215614514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 215614514 originConf 442205321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682157864 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 494414526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 420993295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 420993295 originConf 494414526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350720002 that extends conf 1418102907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179689991 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532756055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 866901553
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 866901553 originConf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 866901553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1875520143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2040623756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2040623756 originConf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079278380 that extends conf 1392271025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206946689 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466577384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1559788797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1559788797 originConf 466577384
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 142103421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65982709 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183995527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439693138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1439693138 originConf 183995527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985869725 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487764004 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 703644914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 469643779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 469643779 originConf 703644914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621486957 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629759610 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550080835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62915435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 62915435 originConf 1550080835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050247525 that extends conf 365864880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124376339 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471019696 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1881419576 originConf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516536489 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2060432982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541135648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 541135648 originConf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1933799970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10304615
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 10304615 originConf 1933799970
msx-rc 0
