msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testSuccessiveVolumeFailures
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665531358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 185231865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 185231865 originConf 665531358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956160315 that extends conf 185231865 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 128312174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058764257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2058764257 originConf 128312174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26198160 that extends conf 2058764257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183869856 that extends conf 26198160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147495793 that extends conf 2058764257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613049138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521737286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 521737286 originConf 1613049138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883077028 that extends conf 521737286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861848540 that extends conf 1883077028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225553069 that extends conf 521737286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1214430307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 782782260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 782782260 originConf 1214430307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892186562 that extends conf 782782260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814129378 that extends conf 1892186562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489296022 that extends conf 782782260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1567351177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1828230041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1828230041 originConf 1567351177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784999100 that extends conf 1828230041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062256426 that extends conf 784999100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991399071 that extends conf 1828230041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566058129 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657999978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 657999978 originConf 1566058129
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448441055 that extends conf 657999978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768145055 that extends conf 1448441055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116875470 that extends conf 657999978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478682798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1789779143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1789779143 originConf 478682798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1189557028 that extends conf 1789779143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1193206563 that extends conf 1189557028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325041512 that extends conf 1789779143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testSuccessiveVolumeFailures
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testSuccessiveVolumeFailures
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
