msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417554340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1485485458 originConf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683718244 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533672820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069584108 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128961136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2128961136 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814111376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611502040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 611502040 originConf 814111376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653337757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 653337757 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[9]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[9]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[9]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
