msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testDowngrade
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 675546373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788687107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1788687107 originConf 675546373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110364916 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952321180 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 946588670 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1091149710
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1091149710 originConf 946588670
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046614282 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 857178440 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110426897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1304236509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1304236509 originConf 1110426897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425219992 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672200121 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683994988 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116709195 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713553363 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573280953 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552410914 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587825420 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595972700 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095978006 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149004317 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073916103 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924378177 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866324703 that extends conf 1091149710 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182093862 that extends conf 1788687107 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589802247 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187995759 that extends conf 1304236509 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1520791716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348885917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348885917 originConf 1520791716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293369827 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351189064 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110306622 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767665538 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615204974 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646181788 that extends conf 1615204974 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214974135 that extends conf 1348885917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905327522 that extends conf 214974135 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54250929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2116501165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2116501165 originConf 54250929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230602095 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283043237 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420641785 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746075368 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346494270 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840999895 that extends conf 1346494270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371921895 that extends conf 2116501165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159167391 that extends conf 371921895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1520791716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348132159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1348132159 originConf 1520791716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854785593 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354046756 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431986694 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 702069580 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884211357 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116892033 that extends conf 1884211357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758036857 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580712754 that extends conf 758036857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54250929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 864452578
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 864452578 originConf 54250929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307805891 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931296326 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238019861 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047001598 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287424861 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129548416 that extends conf 287424861 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1782294711 that extends conf 864452578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533395059 that extends conf 1782294711 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54250929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 676825795
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 676825795 originConf 54250929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402315691 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130494581 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623773232 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938153803 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529932570 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606472684 that extends conf 1529932570 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719683281 that extends conf 676825795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338942904 that extends conf 719683281 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130793956 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096577667 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1348132159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testDowngrade
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgradeDowngrade#testDowngrade
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
