msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102103410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 102103410 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 486348917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1293252487 originConf 486348917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1015799131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673384643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451959555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 451959555 originConf 673384643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 800497654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913806791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 43856716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 43856716 originConf 913806791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699486292 that extends conf 896134613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709700394 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum4
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
