msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605851606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390913202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1390913202 originConf 1605851606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124734309 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1370495328 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2128195220 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 698498109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 698498109 originConf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418851979 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 1418851979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1320869181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068100669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2068100669 originConf 1320869181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 2068100669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198374825 that extends conf 1715686600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858727880 that extends conf 2068100669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500588149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1620112330 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935722070 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761973299 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 766101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1003307628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1003307628 originConf 766101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 1003307628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589016913 that extends conf 2054787417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 1003307628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1638471954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 194903130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 194903130 originConf 1638471954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360440329 that extends conf 194903130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 1360440329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10001825 that extends conf 194903130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949672824 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084920982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 17331878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 17331878 originConf 2084920982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648972298 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541232265 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368955890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1269339945 originConf 368955890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934640468 that extends conf 101874302 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[19]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
