msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1902446978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299261573
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1299261573 originConf 1902446978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375009179 that extends conf 1299261573 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225999587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443159949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1443159949 originConf 1225999587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 942372941 that extends conf 1443159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871495274 that extends conf 942372941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467679082 that extends conf 1443159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188032306 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 629265913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 629265913 originConf 188032306
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934001099 that extends conf 629265913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48664206 that extends conf 1934001099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773266896 that extends conf 629265913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1722614245 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1306159243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1306159243 originConf 1722614245
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395375897 that extends conf 1306159243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102824858 that extends conf 395375897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492005095 that extends conf 1306159243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 270127892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1028566660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1028566660 originConf 270127892
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464071987 that extends conf 1028566660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820815678 that extends conf 1464071987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68135848 that extends conf 1028566660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981787941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 840679873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 840679873 originConf 981787941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091696975 that extends conf 840679873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050546118 that extends conf 1091696975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18101469 that extends conf 840679873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179477511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538205404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1538205404 originConf 179477511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142787680 that extends conf 1538205404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257105 that extends conf 1142787680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363153219 that extends conf 1538205404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555818811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525199093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 525199093 originConf 1555818811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824371732 that extends conf 525199093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428261378 that extends conf 824371732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297200984 that extends conf 525199093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 525170177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2141541137
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2141541137 originConf 525170177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1136646167 that extends conf 2141541137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1623364681 that extends conf 1136646167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268310368 that extends conf 2141541137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468207259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759260033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1759260033 originConf 468207259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066791785 that extends conf 1759260033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682410781 that extends conf 2066791785 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592258916 that extends conf 1759260033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
