msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageAfterSnapshotDeletion
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1859374258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1490509465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1490509465 originConf 1859374258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271095942 that extends conf 1490509465 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702999333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61426020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61426020 originConf 702999333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 61426020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754527431 that extends conf 61426020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1333126371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122900174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 122900174 originConf 1333126371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847462704 that extends conf 122900174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794392166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1448008965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1448008965 originConf 794392166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343349564 that extends conf 1448008965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456745317 that extends conf 343349564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150943536 that extends conf 1448008965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71735365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1910122912
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1910122912 originConf 71735365
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087460823 that extends conf 1910122912 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1410551775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 190029563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 190029563 originConf 1410551775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206372212 that extends conf 190029563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312390904 that extends conf 1206372212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265955894 that extends conf 190029563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageAfterSnapshotDeletion
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImageAfterSnapshotDeletion
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
