msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 474933596 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 358019805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 358019805 originConf 474933596
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1851522556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402207819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355766307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1355766307 originConf 402207819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 203048480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821342630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3694603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 3694603 originConf 821342630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401891515 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653337757 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 308021294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074844820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1074844820 originConf 308021294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622263400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47268007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 47268007 originConf 622263400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423711439 that extends conf 1227459815 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439361845 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220432328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 269458366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 269458366 originConf 220432328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541075662 that extends conf 526720216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810262298 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079190991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1702567689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1702567689 originConf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41918795 that extends conf 1702567689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394284610 that extends conf 41918795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710193916 that extends conf 1702567689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
