msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSNoChecksum
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280851663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832532108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1832532108 originConf 1280851663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940857381 that extends conf 1832532108 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 252615006 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 252615006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948395645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 948395645 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443502884 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970856042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1970856042 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275626728 that extends conf 1970856042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317963297 that extends conf 1275626728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 1970856042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704600661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1704600661 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78816013 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833592262 that extends conf 78816013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65982709
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 65982709 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726515679 that extends conf 65982709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1726515679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 65982709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673129458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015455415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2015455415 originConf 673129458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1188623367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697441364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1697441364 originConf 1188623367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1697441364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788698111 that extends conf 2126876651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442342557 that extends conf 1697441364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 303846650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206180304
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1206180304 originConf 303846650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310350177 that extends conf 55429210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954937264 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1661803311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 655713354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 655713354 originConf 1661803311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56112634 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182949133 that extends conf 56112634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466717494 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1953175805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521746054
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 521746054 originConf 1953175805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233343686 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481402298 that extends conf 233343686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727236 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133573230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 592088871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 592088871 originConf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183213894 that extends conf 592088871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131301148 that extends conf 1183213894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181191753 that extends conf 592088871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62915435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1678623942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1678623942 originConf 62915435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555136651 that extends conf 1678623942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 555136651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475024998 that extends conf 1678623942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSNoChecksum
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testPreadDFSNoChecksum
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
