msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryWithTransferBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658487789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112797307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 112797307 originConf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417554340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1485485458 originConf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683718244 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryWithTransferBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestClientProtocolForPipelineRecovery#testPipelineRecoveryWithTransferBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
