msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testCompleteFileAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962171689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1876429144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1876429144 originConf 962171689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74859811 that extends conf 1876429144 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1071271152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677012749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677012749 originConf 1071271152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023633500 that extends conf 1677012749 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123460709 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1050599888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1050599888 originConf 123460709
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357950408 that extends conf 1050599888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1972661318 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604309123
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1604309123 originConf 1972661318
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59404575 that extends conf 1604309123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845450502 that extends conf 59404575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076851590 that extends conf 1604309123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1092406262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499075372
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1499075372 originConf 1092406262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792539789 that extends conf 1499075372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978614849 that extends conf 1792539789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112882645 that extends conf 1499075372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 856209447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052532895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1052532895 originConf 856209447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30365013 that extends conf 1052532895 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24826893 that extends conf 30365013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847500840 that extends conf 1052532895 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962171689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 169735401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 169735401 originConf 962171689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868388983 that extends conf 169735401 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testCompleteFileAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testCompleteFileAfterCrashFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
