msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684815871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544781802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1544781802 originConf 1684815871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514372030 that extends conf 1544781802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1024131194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356599809
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 356599809 originConf 1024131194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473671234 that extends conf 356599809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104663971 that extends conf 473671234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437923091 that extends conf 356599809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 109453205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708129972
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 708129972 originConf 109453205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547538070 that extends conf 708129972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138025609 that extends conf 1547538070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32345102 that extends conf 708129972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 703347361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 561232234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 561232234 originConf 703347361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726669657 that extends conf 561232234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795569736 that extends conf 726669657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497458644 that extends conf 561232234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084247830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 672066085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 672066085 originConf 2084247830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10483058 that extends conf 672066085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360014884 that extends conf 10483058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134555978 that extends conf 672066085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1347269239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 349865429
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 349865429 originConf 1347269239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737997488 that extends conf 349865429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045506072 that extends conf 1737997488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521171605 that extends conf 349865429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 270274750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1042628414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1042628414 originConf 270274750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255004420 that extends conf 1042628414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082738875 that extends conf 255004420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177955035 that extends conf 1042628414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 386345397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082670366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1082670366 originConf 386345397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977237084 that extends conf 1082670366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928694064 that extends conf 1977237084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487910553 that extends conf 1082670366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2100595351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47771793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 47771793 originConf 2100595351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1212599621 that extends conf 47771793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097766192 that extends conf 1212599621 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640562732 that extends conf 47771793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836868220 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 172266446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 172266446 originConf 1836868220
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141765366 that extends conf 172266446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644812175 that extends conf 1141765366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554165452 that extends conf 172266446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2114732736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1278582903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1278582903 originConf 2114732736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927033750 that extends conf 1278582903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561261145 that extends conf 1927033750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118166639 that extends conf 1278582903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1251750544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2103436510
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2103436510 originConf 1251750544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701473875 that extends conf 2103436510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634393926 that extends conf 1701473875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667520129 that extends conf 2103436510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
