msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToNonExistentDirectory
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87242619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 87242619 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830863979 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 830863979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 291847739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777190206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 777190206 originConf 291847739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 609879567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761973299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 761973299 originConf 609879567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095970915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562595588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1562595588 originConf 2095970915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 1562595588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979532928 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToNonExistentDirectory
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRenameWhileOpen#testWhileOpenRenameToNonExistentDirectory
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
