msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005093407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470132045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 470132045 originConf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959758632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027133545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810196347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 810196347 originConf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134157671 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 2134157671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075082007 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515116175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727424614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1463630061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1463630061 originConf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872411012 that extends conf 1463630061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420287965 that extends conf 872411012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717228959 that extends conf 1463630061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
