msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761973299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1797159635 originConf 761973299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338770454 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393112209 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798180728 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969969319 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505964934 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259995631 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193249891 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280821766 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380322985 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587809615 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490615153 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431781107 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222682721 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776515865 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809119728 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264101566 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577332917 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351934923 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567720999 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415309771 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838036768 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
