msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095203437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877240674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1877240674 originConf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1226298219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944348744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 944348744 originConf 1226298219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765690649 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125865913 that extends conf 1765690649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272753974 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883237069 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905488851 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562249660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 206310209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 206310209 originConf 1562249660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393112209 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96453207 that extends conf 1393112209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288815068 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 1288815068
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455064947 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540206885 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183995527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439693138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1439693138 originConf 183995527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025955363 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414934182 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078741622 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[18]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
