msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorNoNameNode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042790962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399701152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1399701152 originConf 1042790962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019826979 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594791957 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988644427 that extends conf 1594791957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1628289406 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1832284192 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1041451158 originConf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205496410 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232726781 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2146303527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808527451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1808527451 originConf 2146303527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409596180 that extends conf 1808527451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283923004 that extends conf 1808527451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428022141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1788256184 originConf 1428022141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 556945462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220813917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1220813917 originConf 556945462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 1220813917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 1220813917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836621476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1386020581 originConf 836621476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183995527 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199000084 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2104842259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387671967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1387671967 originConf 2104842259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17331878 that extends conf 1387671967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32206364 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010221835 that extends conf 1387671967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989826789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 164757726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 164757726 originConf 1989826789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557342904 that extends conf 164757726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950125603 that extends conf 164757726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492045670 that extends conf 1988644427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorNoNameNode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutorNoNameNode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
