msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1046009438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1046009438 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164699452 that extends conf 1046009438 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600657906 that extends conf 1164699452 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1046009438 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1802029863 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1386677799 originConf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209845522 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256350655 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096194236 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624355359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1303362110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1303362110 originConf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091586824 that extends conf 905940937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582702662 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153443333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2084486251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2084486251 originConf 153443333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036704540 that extends conf 1653859230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809968973 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618696025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946884592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 946884592 originConf 618696025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438873841 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213419524 that extends conf 438873841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095702106 that extends conf 946884592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527247308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555895711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1555895711 originConf 527247308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294605731 that extends conf 1732513254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954936400 that extends conf 1555895711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269826537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42158278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 42158278 originConf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047873000 that extends conf 42158278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940749968 that extends conf 1047873000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112373743 that extends conf 42158278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649829954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068499906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2068499906 originConf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097614581 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005331061 that extends conf 2097614581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161938368 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265052195 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:46398: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:46398: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
