msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259319861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 259319861 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1752535057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437630857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234905692 originConf 437630857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214313531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 214313531 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755328698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 683718244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 683718244 originConf 755328698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841537936 that extends conf 683718244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985487390 that extends conf 683718244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1002041276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2123269713 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 246264949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 246264949 originConf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1177101170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1377160602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1377160602 originConf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305552520 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708926121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1604616170 originConf 708926121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704214570 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 1604616170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511651343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368153528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 368153528 originConf 511651343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1596653154 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951677655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 951677655 originConf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191874608 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910504711 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286658790 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
