msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1049590050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357686726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1357686726 originConf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313960293 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 321772459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1230013344
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1230013344 originConf 321772459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363397863 that extends conf 1230013344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377301456 that extends conf 363397863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800500978 that extends conf 1230013344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1513029997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671816300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1642308093 originConf 1671816300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMountPoints
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMountPoints
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathMountPoints
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
