msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1826747905 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1826747905 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2094115865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1417554340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1417554340 originConf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 1417554340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1068232840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254955665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656349395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 656349395 originConf 254955665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554877309 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 738174829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4181455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 4181455 originConf 738174829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377160602 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 4181455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011481270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1814908102 originConf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097069005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1745608181 originConf 1097069005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 1896558831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1614079837 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 564086167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 564086167 originConf 1614079837
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082528716 that extends conf 564086167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 1082528716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 564086167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testCreateSymlink
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
