msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378918544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451264559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 451264559 originConf 1378918544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288360403 that extends conf 451264559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702210045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2082333331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2082333331 originConf 1702210045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180557017 that extends conf 2082333331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079490103 that extends conf 1180557017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354376147 that extends conf 2082333331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764410394 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670207512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 670207512 originConf 764410394
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75379245 that extends conf 670207512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903396223 that extends conf 75379245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997538802 that extends conf 670207512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623580376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365323350
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365323350 originConf 623580376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568064445 that extends conf 1365323350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1390870378 that extends conf 568064445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607497972 that extends conf 1365323350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880499570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1334832488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1334832488 originConf 880499570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423689879 that extends conf 1334832488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129985968 that extends conf 423689879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780899819 that extends conf 1334832488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1300264643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1253477282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1253477282 originConf 1300264643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152406606 that extends conf 1253477282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793373454 that extends conf 152406606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783021582 that extends conf 1253477282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1800258738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749096664
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 749096664 originConf 1800258738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660234512 that extends conf 749096664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708445992 that extends conf 660234512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778653782 that extends conf 749096664 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1858135142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 448288879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 448288879 originConf 1858135142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747644640 that extends conf 448288879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485902622 that extends conf 1747644640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583915318 that extends conf 448288879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
