msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 560465923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 560465923 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486348917 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1068232840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105090408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779914089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779914089 originConf 1105090408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296910502 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061018585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907467420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1907467420 originConf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115087165 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564086167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499418021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1499418021 originConf 564086167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769252629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 554634433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 554634433 originConf 1769252629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982876486 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 1982876486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
