msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259319861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 259319861 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1752535057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924990666 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 437630857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234905692 originConf 437630857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214313531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 214313531 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009326765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 486348917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 486348917 originConf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612716569 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501951555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 501951555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428245792 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814377348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996533593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 996533593 originConf 814377348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28145535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1425405511 originConf 28145535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604616170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586831282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 586831282 originConf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37400149 that extends conf 586831282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1174714624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220432328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 220432328 originConf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401737458 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130160902 that extends conf 220432328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450438867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623287112
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1623287112 originConf 450438867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160546880 that extends conf 1623287112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769227988 that extends conf 1160546880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467146800 that extends conf 1623287112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
