msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45880026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495257933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1495257933 originConf 45880026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562685863 that extends conf 1161382705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164289802 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 901815188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225114731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1225114731 originConf 901815188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678115778 that extends conf 1225114731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000410491 that extends conf 678115778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641027464 that extends conf 1225114731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500588149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1620112330 originConf 1500588149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569976699 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935722070 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761973299 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562249660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 206310209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 206310209 originConf 1562249660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393112209 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96453207 that extends conf 1393112209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288815068 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 1288815068
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455064947 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540206885 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183995527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439693138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1439693138 originConf 183995527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025955363 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414934182 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078741622 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
