msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418555530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749282235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 749282235 originConf 1418555530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238564722 that extends conf 749282235 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 749282235 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 817941759 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 36550900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 36550900 originConf 817941759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 36550900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 36550900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599566873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1033880954 originConf 1599566873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612853208 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260043537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 858727880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 858727880 originConf 1260043537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425275537 that extends conf 858727880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409596180 that extends conf 425275537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 858727880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
