msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 337545117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 337545117 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471019696 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546886525 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445222369 that extends conf 337545117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 537483956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415979460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1415979460 originConf 537483956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322484262 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 30563356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1123862502 originConf 30563356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26418585 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804872134 that extends conf 26418585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366811528 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681564936 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1992630936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527247308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 527247308 originConf 1992630936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46415544 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633683828 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847839957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1269826537 originConf 847839957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850301256 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062132026 that extends conf 1850301256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945698516 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362435880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1649829954 originConf 1362435880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18601987 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169049466 that extends conf 18601987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112073835 that extends conf 1649829954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680306160 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:39642: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:39642: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[34]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
