msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPendingCorruptDnMessages#testChangedStorageId
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1456900814 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1821722992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1821722992 originConf 1456900814
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347666313 that extends conf 1821722992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2121717507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131452914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 131452914 originConf 2121717507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134186057 that extends conf 131452914 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1758936883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1194717731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1194717731 originConf 1758936883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211684432 that extends conf 1194717731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447227983 that extends conf 211684432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542064396 that extends conf 1194717731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2121717507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1634758402
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1634758402 originConf 2121717507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1169272313 that extends conf 1634758402 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 840517730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 204673826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 204673826 originConf 840517730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267470786 that extends conf 204673826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21804679 that extends conf 267470786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952474762 that extends conf 204673826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760072270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1459784655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1459784655 originConf 1760072270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969693402 that extends conf 1459784655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914445035 that extends conf 1969693402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012267486 that extends conf 1459784655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPendingCorruptDnMessages#testChangedStorageId
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPendingCorruptDnMessages#testChangedStorageId
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
