msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalRackPlacement
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 285074186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 285074186 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 285074186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389779746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1086323658 originConf 389779746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911138454 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539088279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553879264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 553879264 originConf 1539088279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 492252770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1017792343 originConf 492252770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 866273692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 612716569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 612716569 originConf 866273692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 612716569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 1290614253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 612716569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalRackPlacement
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDefaultBlockPlacementPolicy#testLocalRackPlacement
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
