msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testConcat
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424439581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 701681793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 701681793 originConf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 558404860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699265405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1699265405 originConf 558404860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 1998882269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424497441 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658281599
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 658281599 originConf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807872790 that extends conf 1991290395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630841930 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430207342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45416784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 45416784 originConf 1430207342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688310330 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 1688310330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904609259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398508580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1398508580 originConf 1904609259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1238994373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584501954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 584501954 originConf 1238994373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769252629 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 1769252629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515116175 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 435803541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 639467920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 639467920 originConf 435803541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458748394 that extends conf 1870749311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 639467920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testConcat
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testConcat
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
