msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testDeleteKey
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1519911160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645643802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 645643802 originConf 1519911160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622863652 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 645643802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932244589 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632669667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523794808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 523794808 originConf 632669667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133730108 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095373876 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 400385823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 157783888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 157783888 originConf 400385823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472950462 that extends conf 157783888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560897187 that extends conf 157783888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964117592 that extends conf 157783888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217883757 that extends conf 1964117592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785687166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538721498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 538721498 originConf 1785687166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204822967 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2147002844 that extends conf 1204822967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103130367 that extends conf 538721498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1766451528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1005344801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1005344801 originConf 1766451528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624702420 that extends conf 1005344801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078992278 that extends conf 1005344801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732902480 that extends conf 1005344801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388280822 that extends conf 1732902480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1444500451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1504154691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1504154691 originConf 1444500451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564143446 that extends conf 1504154691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498627971 that extends conf 564143446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547853628 that extends conf 1504154691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478835287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 468797188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 468797188 originConf 1478835287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679022055 that extends conf 468797188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841721161 that extends conf 468797188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344946518 that extends conf 468797188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410791643 that extends conf 1344946518 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1916139819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 428089645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 428089645 originConf 1916139819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664836465 that extends conf 428089645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246023616 that extends conf 664836465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531576940 that extends conf 428089645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 496556704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078237101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 2078237101 originConf 496556704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244430068 that extends conf 2078237101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316746441 that extends conf 2078237101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579356102 that extends conf 2078237101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055422401 that extends conf 1579356102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076611420 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1974701110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1974701110 originConf 2076611420
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200293689 that extends conf 1974701110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633226335 that extends conf 1200293689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408290972 that extends conf 1974701110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389624061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 20408451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 20408451 originConf 1389624061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740735495 that extends conf 20408451 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78227576 that extends conf 20408451 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456832249 that extends conf 20408451 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550471570 that extends conf 456832249 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1756877039 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1835713430
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1835713430 originConf 1756877039
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460139539 that extends conf 1835713430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786058987 that extends conf 1460139539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769827821 that extends conf 1835713430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 425842522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65168514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 65168514 originConf 425842522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181041291 that extends conf 65168514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572582034 that extends conf 65168514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631551159 that extends conf 65168514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448780972 that extends conf 1631551159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798626015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1651379334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1651379334 originConf 798626015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416579056 that extends conf 1651379334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658824366 that extends conf 416579056 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997770883 that extends conf 1651379334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1717967062 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45790744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 45790744 originConf 1717967062
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509632753 that extends conf 45790744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461216550 that extends conf 45790744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 958209587 that extends conf 45790744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727096642 that extends conf 958209587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467185608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007031139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2007031139 originConf 467185608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178270318 that extends conf 2007031139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829651877 that extends conf 1178270318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132385302 that extends conf 2007031139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testDeleteKey
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestAclsEndToEnd#testDeleteKey
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
