msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1113895488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523649562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1523649562 originConf 1113895488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 647973805 that extends conf 1523649562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1574615832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1662592920 originConf 1574615832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749981943 that extends conf 1662592920 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079125839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1189651769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1189651769 originConf 1079125839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841166421 that extends conf 1360541835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207988207 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 439925336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 439925336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAclEntries
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAclEntries
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalRemoveAclEntries
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
