msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSelectViaRpcAfterJNRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455538610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1226622409 originConf 455538610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072724423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2058135834 originConf 2072724423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826865256 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286649365 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988850650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71016405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 71016405 originConf 988850650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808009213 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40568095 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1535118875 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923095286 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91337818 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560717448 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380749852 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292038710 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540257080 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757262028 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548946718 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1548946718 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 256346753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 256346753 originConf 1548946718
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018220300 that extends conf 256346753 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201274566 that extends conf 256346753 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447353473 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1447353473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611289995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.5 uniqueConf 611289995 originConf 1447353473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723290893 that extends conf 611289995 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007599722 that extends conf 611289995 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116179210 that extends conf 71016405 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2116179210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1172535934
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.6 uniqueConf 1172535934 originConf 2116179210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751403001 that extends conf 1172535934 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864221358 that extends conf 1172535934 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029350318 that extends conf 256346753 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354291956 that extends conf 256346753 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583982347 that extends conf 256346753 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265705100 that extends conf 611289995 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164163683 that extends conf 611289995 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938614248 that extends conf 611289995 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 634787608 that extends conf 1172535934 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864614429 that extends conf 1172535934 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143009337 that extends conf 1172535934 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSelectViaRpcAfterJNRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testSelectViaRpcAfterJNRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
