msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52913970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 52913970 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 2116299597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1500379239 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933129092 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7548983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742672280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 742672280 originConf 7548983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424439581 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 485475507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 485475507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255109302 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203472514 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050275256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1957282992 originConf 2050275256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1574573264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1502079282 originConf 1574573264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 1502079282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1502079282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063009760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2074492901 originConf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285754614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977522995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 977522995 originConf 285754614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951677655 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161113555 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310792845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030121719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2030121719 originConf 310792845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062181581 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046009438 that extends conf 1062181581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843686350 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856589162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 999221400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 999221400 originConf 1856589162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076829355 that extends conf 999221400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719547057 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178393154 that extends conf 999221400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1835841364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1243102466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1243102466 originConf 1835841364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1243102466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486662053 that extends conf 1096411163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 1243102466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730182538 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1730182538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665308978 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 719182854 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882706486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 882706486 originConf 719182854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901815188 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082545616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 196025267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 196025267 originConf 2082545616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663716901 that extends conf 196025267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641027464 that extends conf 663716901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491152599 that extends conf 196025267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
