msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 980533504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 980533504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1177101170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1377160602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1377160602 originConf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1377160602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365197105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814111376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 814111376 originConf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 216746962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2002389708 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 251949027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 251949027 originConf 2002389708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637250074 that extends conf 251949027 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379441062 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1466760010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1466760010 originConf 379441062
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993301319 that extends conf 1466760010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58828951 that extends conf 993301319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557467504 that extends conf 1466760010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628359482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1670341535
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1670341535 originConf 628359482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902657897 that extends conf 1670341535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265691373 that extends conf 1902657897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1567416213 that extends conf 1670341535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 20084326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923406970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1923406970 originConf 20084326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313312480 that extends conf 1923406970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167286941 that extends conf 313312480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123827760 that extends conf 1923406970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 392160138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 886555045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 886555045 originConf 392160138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577546672 that extends conf 886555045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458390317 that extends conf 577546672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433375521 that extends conf 886555045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2089812754 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 816498231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 816498231 originConf 2089812754
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113933304 that extends conf 816498231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380393163 that extends conf 1113933304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787816067 that extends conf 816498231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1337018405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1798456079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1798456079 originConf 1337018405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 53872842 that extends conf 1798456079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942359249 that extends conf 53872842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560431688 that extends conf 1798456079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103302189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628483020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 628483020 originConf 1103302189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448940040 that extends conf 628483020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151217546 that extends conf 448940040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21179048 that extends conf 628483020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1863387237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133635878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1133635878 originConf 1863387237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790302223 that extends conf 1133635878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319179411 that extends conf 790302223 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141355812 that extends conf 1133635878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248926034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1603796559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1603796559 originConf 248926034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661429458 that extends conf 1603796559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924504087 that extends conf 1661429458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085247910 that extends conf 1603796559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDNFailure#testReadWithDNFailure[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
