msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNestedEcPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2067256849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 471245033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 471245033 originConf 2067256849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474228119 that extends conf 471245033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 551305020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402843050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 402843050 originConf 551305020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906304604 that extends conf 402843050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671816550 that extends conf 1906304604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268580723 that extends conf 402843050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1753750187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 69710874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 69710874 originConf 1753750187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451035631 that extends conf 69710874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386262018 that extends conf 451035631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778068183 that extends conf 69710874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819501734 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364871094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 364871094 originConf 1819501734
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233000127 that extends conf 364871094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986351330 that extends conf 1233000127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353609081 that extends conf 364871094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1377382405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756058939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1756058939 originConf 1377382405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450378071 that extends conf 1756058939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1546507723 that extends conf 1450378071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551906586 that extends conf 1756058939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 206870333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917446535
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1917446535 originConf 206870333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324270150 that extends conf 1917446535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999384372 that extends conf 324270150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055597656 that extends conf 1917446535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1638765231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1203460197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1203460197 originConf 1638765231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524707770 that extends conf 1203460197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327313856 that extends conf 524707770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273993002 that extends conf 1203460197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 588592815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930757576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 930757576 originConf 588592815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771603171 that extends conf 930757576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522392355 that extends conf 771603171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149628675 that extends conf 930757576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1376638019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1616824942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1616824942 originConf 1376638019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523920160 that extends conf 1616824942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22656383 that extends conf 523920160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88799352 that extends conf 1616824942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618764845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2132411335
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2132411335 originConf 618764845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549023914 that extends conf 2132411335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1758032197 that extends conf 549023914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821005547 that extends conf 2132411335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNestedEcPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNestedEcPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
