msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881901842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1881901842 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1881901842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408533352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 1408533352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948395645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 948395645 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443502884 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478182173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 478182173 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764358458 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7548983 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077662850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 984567559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 984567559 originConf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 984567559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61304908 that extends conf 501951555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 984567559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132369181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830969563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1177101170 originConf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823758059 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365711624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659435106
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659435106 originConf 1365711624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 1659435106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 1659435106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097069005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1599556802 originConf 1097069005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653337757 that extends conf 1599556802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1599556802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050247525 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testHasNonEcBlockUsingStripedIDForLoadSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
