msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalize
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1459873880 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1459873880 originConf 1459873880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426526797 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245235698 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1847473959 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1847473959 originConf 1847473959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203586711 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105551194 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 165898590 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 165898590 originConf 165898590
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840392988 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421932668 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488553735 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27500972 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19500526 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484186708 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994196029 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648474789 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91110418 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584353553 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518459790 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538840572 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224552285 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534578607 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557024057 that extends conf 165898590 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437612721 that extends conf 1459873880 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 815487839 that extends conf 1847473959 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1533917514 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1533917514 originConf 1533917514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046852690 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383488493 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945098057 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417846457 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750780718 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59617930 that extends conf 1750780718 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145577193 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717225224 that extends conf 1145577193 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1339681543 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1339681543 originConf 1339681543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819280902 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273311652 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647051701 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554817920 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555515369 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056625028 that extends conf 1555515369 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294304980 that extends conf 1339681543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660035633 that extends conf 1294304980 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979881419 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672679455 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004248299 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783237641 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78520083 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226356073 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055355955 that extends conf 1533917514 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1533917514 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 2127186645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2127186645 originConf 1533917514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104343750 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493794243 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679532068 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164626777 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638394760 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145923989 that extends conf 1638394760 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605627773 that extends conf 2127186645 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426640040 that extends conf 605627773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1339681543 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1751488779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1751488779 originConf 1339681543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056404029 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563970246 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023987505 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520745542 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529402909 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735384978 that extends conf 529402909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755231979 that extends conf 1751488779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097830942 that extends conf 1755231979 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1533917514 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1718723510
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1718723510 originConf 1533917514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093853475 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102386908 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55535254 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773596301 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992814439 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719029829 that extends conf 992814439 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875009578 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432829094 that extends conf 1875009578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1339681543 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1032266877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1032266877 originConf 1339681543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346127788 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320192353 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156659423 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005152948 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321183491 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769456124 that extends conf 1321183491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362983248 that extends conf 1032266877 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017070736 that extends conf 362983248 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462821411 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823982023 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311691274 that extends conf 1718723510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1533917514 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 998505157
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 998505157 originConf 1533917514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533462686 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721424226 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095061077 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988801824 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607271001 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127345422 that extends conf 1607271001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688071175 that extends conf 998505157 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159534474 that extends conf 1688071175 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalize
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testFinalize
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
