msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedStripedBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 392805448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1586742176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1586742176 originConf 392805448
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450158947 that extends conf 1586742176 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 232559326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 644218872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 644218872 originConf 232559326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944424736 that extends conf 644218872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 34358395 that extends conf 944424736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982125199 that extends conf 644218872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1994629143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2094917025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2094917025 originConf 1994629143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127499690 that extends conf 2094917025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446130310 that extends conf 2127499690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550874512 that extends conf 2094917025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 189721198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 601937243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 601937243 originConf 189721198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931444170 that extends conf 601937243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2125646865 that extends conf 1931444170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847729055 that extends conf 601937243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 939527103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1840374214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1840374214 originConf 939527103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 625142199 that extends conf 1840374214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416976307 that extends conf 625142199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111267515 that extends conf 1840374214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 127947752 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703328700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 703328700 originConf 127947752
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075584354 that extends conf 703328700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992879818 that extends conf 2075584354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646845900 that extends conf 703328700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 530933795 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 549440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 549440 originConf 530933795
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284363121 that extends conf 549440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991824047 that extends conf 284363121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209462699 that extends conf 549440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083056886 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829071770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1829071770 originConf 1083056886
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262685448 that extends conf 1829071770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266082678 that extends conf 1262685448 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590804012 that extends conf 1829071770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373685552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482002583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1482002583 originConf 1373685552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509825745 that extends conf 1482002583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553878040 that extends conf 509825745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117931921 that extends conf 1482002583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 133371078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 566950817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 566950817 originConf 133371078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097409489 that extends conf 566950817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906174116 that extends conf 1097409489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628909123 that extends conf 566950817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690402039 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103712032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 103712032 originConf 690402039
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496421398 that extends conf 103712032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972727869 that extends conf 1496421398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071571860 that extends conf 103712032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1188688588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559552960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 559552960 originConf 1188688588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705479875 that extends conf 559552960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556174896 that extends conf 705479875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413369469 that extends conf 559552960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1108867855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 150674730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 150674730 originConf 1108867855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389745889 that extends conf 150674730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787294928 that extends conf 1389745889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570473769 that extends conf 150674730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedStripedBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedStripedBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
