msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102103410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 102103410 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1293252487 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1015799131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234223040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1689458432 originConf 234223040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517758613 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 451959555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1340051218 originConf 451959555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911168986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1531175283 originConf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079190991 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097069005 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732189840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1959758632 originConf 732189840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756160273 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 152848959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489070295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 489070295 originConf 152848959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027133545 that extends conf 489070295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200744172 that extends conf 489070295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 235162442 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 121466124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 121466124 originConf 235162442
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533956291 that extends conf 121466124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024945312 that extends conf 121466124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074564029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1074564029 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038860568 that extends conf 1074564029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726910888 that extends conf 1038860568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719859282 that extends conf 1074564029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
