msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324270542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2144825789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2144825789 originConf 324270542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786364290 that extends conf 2144825789 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1572681350 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1616655785
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1616655785 originConf 1572681350
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751891877 that extends conf 1616655785 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580936988 that extends conf 751891877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918987890 that extends conf 1616655785 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1185349524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 695877675
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 695877675 originConf 1185349524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293428330 that extends conf 695877675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860932203 that extends conf 1293428330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060518619 that extends conf 695877675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392350712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1509438032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1509438032 originConf 1392350712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972895516 that extends conf 1509438032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507672202 that extends conf 972895516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058426646 that extends conf 1509438032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 6919700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699673060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1699673060 originConf 6919700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265837622 that extends conf 1699673060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424292908 that extends conf 1265837622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 326820212 that extends conf 1699673060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210757484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091162542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2091162542 originConf 210757484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007297190 that extends conf 2091162542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086396480 that extends conf 1007297190 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401299685 that extends conf 2091162542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1139956336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 700319477
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 700319477 originConf 1139956336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015571212 that extends conf 700319477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762502439 that extends conf 1015571212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166048571 that extends conf 700319477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1673188914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2129878321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2129878321 originConf 1673188914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954918136 that extends conf 2129878321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133242578 that extends conf 954918136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235086359 that extends conf 2129878321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 41558964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 862942327
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 862942327 originConf 41558964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301212385 that extends conf 862942327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448952684 that extends conf 1301212385 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235351459 that extends conf 862942327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1736196869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 230410906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 230410906 originConf 1736196869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368060518 that extends conf 230410906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302474325 that extends conf 368060518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269092289 that extends conf 230410906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
