msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLessThanOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850597787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1850597787 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 179808568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936906727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 936906727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948395645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925568390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 925568390 originConf 948395645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105090408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 295055909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 295055909 originConf 1105090408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1563634025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 997294994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 997294994 originConf 1563634025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061018585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907467420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1907467420 originConf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115087165 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1896558831 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454440929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 454440929 originConf 1896558831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455177644 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 741883443 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989033734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 989033734 originConf 741883443
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 1688770224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLessThanOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLessThanOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
