msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720746883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265287441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1265287441 originConf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1936375962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791589252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248435962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1248435962 originConf 1791589252
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123166613 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 1123166613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456314134 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409596180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261838162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 261838162 originConf 409596180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753259207 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 5021240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1573125303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1573125303 originConf 5021240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707901480 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 1707901480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704535540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645208036
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 645208036 originConf 1704535540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841483227 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 841483227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677921169 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096343229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 893320639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 893320639 originConf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604602011 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 604602011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014824123 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 559559860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1165568071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1165568071 originConf 559559860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90380642 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638525764 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663277822 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545563479 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
