msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116356643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1720746883 originConf 116356643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495257933 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862347028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 1862347028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125865913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1827212229 originConf 125865913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922992444 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500697171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554118033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554118033 originConf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392403246 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1832657711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465233746
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 465233746 originConf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962826086 that extends conf 320850799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10001825 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1257532915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 801142660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 801142660 originConf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225970981 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198442960 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2015455415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1706790953
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1706790953 originConf 2015455415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087440001 that extends conf 620412175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367503763 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653880197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 653880197 originConf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822359325 that extends conf 1378592036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118504112 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628933116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836397870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 836397870 originConf 628933116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681979935 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745205026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80903581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 80903581 originConf 745205026
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208350681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1083615749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1083615749 originConf 208350681
msx-rc 0
