msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 494414526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 420993295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 420993295 originConf 494414526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914740115 that extends conf 1418102907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948650013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 948650013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299497914 that extends conf 1313618488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62309924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 62309924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596997325 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893736577 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 706915627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1572820532 originConf 706915627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 957387062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277716905 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994249754 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[11]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
