msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithJournalNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 601008104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056418216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2056418216 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765795529 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158258131 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144284609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 34871826
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 34871826 originConf 2144284609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508059488 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1870209957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957099969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1957099969 originConf 1870209957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195801026 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382517944 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242070107 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819577777 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969345340 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338451655 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235149132 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034503200 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243428871 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809346400 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352937281 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111713043 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1026673223 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535263360 that extends conf 34871826 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49335170 that extends conf 1957099969 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025438989 that extends conf 2056418216 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493158871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1493158871 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987821687 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526578153 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829088572 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1636178473 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658511941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1658511941 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509793834 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964724538 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404531286 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379148981 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732597634 that extends conf 1379148981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832432849 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031927175 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1447685190
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1447685190 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030121719 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160517784 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665207368 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811081657 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392570698 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 528877978 that extends conf 1392570698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008746677 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15910024 that extends conf 2008746677 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2076829355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2076829355 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098568947 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753511384 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123176264 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239250059 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514955661 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333879495 that extends conf 1514955661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183304529 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645643802 that extends conf 183304529 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854241207 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348168563 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639654918 that extends conf 1447685190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1682619279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1682619279 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24415824 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941826157 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739126889 that extends conf 1682619279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61137731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 332234405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 332234405 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758363149 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339813834 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191058472 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65551384 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017393480 that extends conf 65551384 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562595588 that extends conf 332234405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317963297 that extends conf 1562595588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithJournalNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestDFSUpgradeWithHA#testRollbackWithJournalNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
