msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToCOLD
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299900901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1190416341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1190416341 originConf 1299900901
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735589347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1729109193 originConf 1735589347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405660449 that extends conf 1729109193 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1729109193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331243651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1331243651 originConf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1131894646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 74632679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 74632679 originConf 1131894646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691028154 that extends conf 74632679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416707444 that extends conf 691028154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597295561 that extends conf 74632679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 218764056 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 414422255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 414422255 originConf 218764056
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076698922 that extends conf 414422255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291544975 that extends conf 1076698922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090502651 that extends conf 414422255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1245569514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 576907407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 576907407 originConf 1245569514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828745409 that extends conf 576907407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521814285 that extends conf 828745409 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587952265 that extends conf 576907407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2124570068
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 2124570068 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 458270908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1749916942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1749916942 originConf 458270908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201985300 that extends conf 1749916942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236157454 that extends conf 1201985300 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234556111 that extends conf 1749916942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213352214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783197767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783197767 originConf 213352214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689126022 that extends conf 783197767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153013608 that extends conf 1689126022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151193312 that extends conf 783197767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538580395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 68161509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 68161509 originConf 538580395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889437534 that extends conf 68161509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916796964 that extends conf 889437534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207524501 that extends conf 68161509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToCOLD
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToCOLD
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
