msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpoint
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671218817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734771926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1734771926 originConf 1671218817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26036801 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126808625 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1796101764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1880627212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1880627212 originConf 1796101764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952335007 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24818992 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848576617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720950846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1720950846 originConf 848576617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208920938 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788067774 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341160339 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145407637 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74327733 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297471729 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321253053 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125409007 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393765319 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275378566 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671383456 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108851935 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654888594 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078649047 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680394686 that extends conf 1880627212 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701441027 that extends conf 1734771926 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317869230 that extends conf 1720950846 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 16617305 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946693217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 946693217 originConf 16617305
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715810584 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645187105 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511383996 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097053109 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836737426 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256148145 that extends conf 1836737426 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776611669 that extends conf 946693217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95447335 that extends conf 776611669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1537669066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557779860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 557779860 originConf 1537669066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675750284 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713157275 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325815217 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067521986 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318479303 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617726042 that extends conf 318479303 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937368914 that extends conf 557779860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102700272 that extends conf 937368914 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 16617305 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 68386272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 68386272 originConf 16617305
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407479075 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10738565 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993821310 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47432409 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020850124 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090507413 that extends conf 1020850124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659493930 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664822956 that extends conf 1659493930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1537669066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1655198587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1655198587 originConf 1537669066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376860485 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941270678 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767263803 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063518166 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834078556 that extends conf 2063518166 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584191325 that extends conf 1655198587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112894470 that extends conf 584191325 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 328313393 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531301006 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717872671 that extends conf 68386272 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpoint
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpoint
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
