msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210281271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76659128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76659128 originConf 210281271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 76659128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2061226112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443173326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1443173326 originConf 2061226112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817054343 that extends conf 1443173326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275754769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 275754769 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 812168041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516413619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 516413619 originConf 812168041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538849250 that extends conf 516413619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919576980 that extends conf 516413619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 168468389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1701436909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1701436909 originConf 168468389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901815188 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360878852 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117460541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1743553655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1743553655 originConf 117460541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767532961 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731610911 that extends conf 1767532961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1261257916 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905650857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 905650857 originConf 1261257916
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1910492961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769507769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 769507769 originConf 1910492961
msx-rc 0
