msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToONESSD
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207680861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1972214323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1972214323 originConf 1207680861
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1383020281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104609968 originConf 1383020281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823443313 that extends conf 1104609968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1104609968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091101342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 2091101342 originConf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620119950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 323512781
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 323512781 originConf 1620119950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003556410 that extends conf 323512781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2105353709 that extends conf 2003556410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287667718 that extends conf 323512781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 744740749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2012760947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2012760947 originConf 744740749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971358449 that extends conf 2012760947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795898152 that extends conf 1971358449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316867408 that extends conf 2012760947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515087055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226648528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1226648528 originConf 1515087055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 971814793 that extends conf 1226648528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044089379 that extends conf 971814793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212172128 that extends conf 1226648528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 829543262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 829543262 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1131661320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 262262643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 262262643 originConf 1131661320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475687053 that extends conf 262262643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749351418 that extends conf 1475687053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416740086 that extends conf 262262643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToONESSD
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToONESSD
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
