msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161382705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1161382705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052399527 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410958248 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1412564235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1555793073 originConf 1412564235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1707901480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1471800355 originConf 1707901480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098737173 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841483227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982634822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 982634822 originConf 841483227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 604602011 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1449987177 originConf 604602011
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249337777 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315081042 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 90380642 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775423528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 775423528 originConf 90380642
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697298649 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124376339 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628933116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836397870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 836397870 originConf 628933116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113416412 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253767021 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744579245 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[22]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
