msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetSafeMode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 928014094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 735427346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 735427346 originConf 928014094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478867971 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350038228 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1504251809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 64727987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 64727987 originConf 1504251809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 382039201 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913472541 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389207163 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253187374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 253187374 originConf 389207163
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809811875 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348076948 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1990400328 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926021695 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458175083 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071945683 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172001382 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736998490 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577806695 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818230019 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127352559 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520893910 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919292758 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589152401 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350528822 that extends conf 64727987 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131923217 that extends conf 735427346 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415650034 that extends conf 253187374 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580373688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2052422825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2052422825 originConf 1580373688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389935346 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830469762 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146893475 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199722953 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700290440 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861459892 that extends conf 1700290440 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699825557 that extends conf 2052422825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273800190 that extends conf 1699825557 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746972065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1376219523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1376219523 originConf 1746972065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258755120 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211171061 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106102781 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735328806 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313532518 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907910819 that extends conf 313532518 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290028429 that extends conf 1376219523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951515964 that extends conf 290028429 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580373688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090245222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2090245222 originConf 1580373688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203689223 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101602814 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319482367 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111621513 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45896960 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632056286 that extends conf 45896960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357878658 that extends conf 2090245222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809232986 that extends conf 357878658 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746972065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300664918
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1300664918 originConf 1746972065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839514928 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896656441 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972080867 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328123834 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108063051 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2059615173 that extends conf 108063051 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274902640 that extends conf 1300664918 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947147527 that extends conf 274902640 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551526107 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 722312656
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 722312656 originConf 1551526107
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetSafeMode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetSafeMode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
