msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657708472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1741419964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1741419964 originConf 1657708472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794654018 that extends conf 1741419964 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887433217 that extends conf 1741419964 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437750311 that extends conf 1887433217 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 27161215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558675622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1558675622 originConf 27161215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186080677 that extends conf 1558675622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935941072 that extends conf 186080677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474269887 that extends conf 1558675622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476629057 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064845004 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298830910 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823390266 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81098480 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733565913 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766922176 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857261200 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67819232 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034257277 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511069080 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196019139 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619703719 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497338196 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629044297 that extends conf 437750311 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirUpdater
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
