msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1212654350 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 440094070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 440094070 originConf 1212654350
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925374181 that extends conf 440094070 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1396148055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 659814814
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 659814814 originConf 1396148055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1140380388 that extends conf 659814814 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89375090 that extends conf 1140380388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763993088 that extends conf 659814814 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1933928022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 624675850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 624675850 originConf 1933928022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937544024 that extends conf 624675850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249702464 that extends conf 937544024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915347423 that extends conf 624675850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1942643782 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 182153918
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 182153918 originConf 1942643782
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217622321 that extends conf 182153918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812120349 that extends conf 217622321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579627447 that extends conf 182153918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957921505 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577423046
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 577423046 originConf 1957921505
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473469107 that extends conf 577423046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449008351 that extends conf 1473469107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595864780 that extends conf 577423046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 768711681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059778314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1059778314 originConf 768711681
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744719128 that extends conf 1059778314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85174512 that extends conf 744719128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370582768 that extends conf 1059778314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357861217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427386750
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 427386750 originConf 357861217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839394302 that extends conf 427386750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799866549 that extends conf 839394302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556196782 that extends conf 427386750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757001064 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2069878506
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2069878506 originConf 1757001064
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791173636 that extends conf 2069878506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079418774 that extends conf 791173636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194116799 that extends conf 2069878506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713398741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114044022
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1114044022 originConf 1713398741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558252345 that extends conf 1114044022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040715593 that extends conf 1558252345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751569679 that extends conf 1114044022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1458077549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 246548454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 246548454 originConf 1458077549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531002884 that extends conf 246548454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831804633 that extends conf 1531002884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291663610 that extends conf 246548454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445139678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677835418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 677835418 originConf 1445139678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405101521 that extends conf 677835418 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1390139104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 805375637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 805375637 originConf 1390139104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357177269 that extends conf 805375637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134527046 that extends conf 1357177269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985757672 that extends conf 805375637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 700895704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727414035
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 727414035 originConf 700895704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156109381 that extends conf 727414035 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524384654 that extends conf 156109381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943283951 that extends conf 727414035 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745590236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 563839103
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 563839103 originConf 1745590236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025139205 that extends conf 563839103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174775131 that extends conf 2025139205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279203051 that extends conf 563839103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1742457892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1719234839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1719234839 originConf 1742457892
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421079117 that extends conf 1719234839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540306169 that extends conf 1421079117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341168080 that extends conf 1719234839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 855984444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219477381
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1219477381 originConf 855984444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12845875 that extends conf 1219477381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503713986 that extends conf 12845875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088791316 that extends conf 1219477381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1902310458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1260498338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1260498338 originConf 1902310458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126457481 that extends conf 1260498338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727404721 that extends conf 1126457481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 543312548 that extends conf 1260498338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671469176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 12161148
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 12161148 originConf 1671469176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004852394 that extends conf 12161148 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89957952 that extends conf 2004852394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267820560 that extends conf 12161148 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1151156200 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 351690967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 351690967 originConf 1151156200
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394147912 that extends conf 351690967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082288648 that extends conf 394147912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784691235 that extends conf 351690967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 549482333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642320866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 1642320866 originConf 549482333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1065416491 that extends conf 1642320866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742598149 that extends conf 1065416491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468437297 that extends conf 1642320866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
