msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471948789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253011924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 253011924 originConf 1471948789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885002305 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917277283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 917277283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397318359 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1397530667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090563811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2090563811 originConf 1397530667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990684641 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664165134 that extends conf 990684641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 205496410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 288797801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 288797801 originConf 205496410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123674777 that extends conf 288797801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838250251 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642538759 that extends conf 288797801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843149630 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797159635 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1272744797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1989219205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1989219205 originConf 1272744797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1989219205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877804870 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521389237 that extends conf 1989219205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 194903130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1871580398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1871580398 originConf 194903130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110785285 that extends conf 1871580398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943659381 that extends conf 1871580398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 516934601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1247127272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1247127272 originConf 516934601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356476647 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779479139 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394424498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239937174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 239937174 originConf 394424498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161118423 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956296628 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527906606 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397857830 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
