msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGetBlockLocationMetric
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9190301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623009085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1623009085 originConf 9190301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1623009085 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123226989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734184086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1734184086 originConf 1123226989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 1734184086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1340644388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407148497 that extends conf 1734184086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 878598679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008547236
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008547236 originConf 878598679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 2008547236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834824701 that extends conf 553821397 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 2008547236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1167327028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726051009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 726051009 originConf 1167327028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764358458 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841537936 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622135821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 866273692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 866273692 originConf 1622135821
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 866273692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668760567 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170106909 that extends conf 866273692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGetBlockLocationMetric
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGetBlockLocationMetric
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
