msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1537471098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787189503
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1787189503 originConf 1537471098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414845278 that extends conf 1787189503 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1520491508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 744316958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 744316958 originConf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748975217 that extends conf 744316958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517758613 that extends conf 800493254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116356643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1720746883 originConf 116356643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495257933 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862347028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 1862347028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585711807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1532756055 originConf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003307628 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 945064729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1875520143 originConf 945064729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959055079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466577384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 466577384 originConf 959055079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694519286 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832066800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 832066800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449987177 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673129458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620301064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1620301064 originConf 673129458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 602161799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 648972298 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808884231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1808884231 originConf 648972298
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075133112 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 2075133112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239937174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424226973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 424226973 originConf 239937174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303846650 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414924274 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916720513 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1167916234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1906029492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1906029492 originConf 1167916234
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475816303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 475816303
msx-rc 0
