msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testConcat
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 503144273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1862674654 originConf 503144273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254955665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656349395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 656349395 originConf 254955665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554877309 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1986581856 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627496281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1280443567 originConf 1627496281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944138464 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721576219 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44278425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7395550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 7395550 originConf 44278425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 332244937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testConcat
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testConcat
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
