msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1609124502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051120548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2051120548 originConf 1609124502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332873513 that extends conf 2051120548 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043639521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1043639521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824570614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1369468094 originConf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 622820646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417554340 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482032955
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 482032955 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 482032955 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1949672824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 723602324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 723602324 originConf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1643379640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73608444 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653880197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2028510206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2028510206 originConf 653880197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122256138 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219637204 that extends conf 2122256138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027006452 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 726107869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 179060558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 179060558 originConf 726107869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630968203 that extends conf 179060558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537483956 that extends conf 1630968203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706883010 that extends conf 179060558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 582819897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471633238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1471633238 originConf 582819897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775741122 that extends conf 1471633238 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703232177 that extends conf 775741122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746458880 that extends conf 1471633238 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailureWithRandomECPolicy#testCloseWithExceptionsInStreamer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
