msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigsFailure
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881901842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1881901842 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1881901842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991671211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 991671211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948395645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 948395645 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443502884 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418102907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 412835761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 412835761 originConf 1418102907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731368479 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 428798670 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2771454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2771454 originConf 428798670
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270383967 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 1270383967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841483227 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1146484093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 808653065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 808653065 originConf 1146484093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078154554 that extends conf 808653065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 2078154554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 808653065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98801744 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103234208 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380216561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9983638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 9983638 originConf 380216561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529842358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 79706679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 79706679 originConf 1529842358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118504112 that extends conf 79706679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893736577 that extends conf 118504112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526296937 that extends conf 79706679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 624079697 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 113416412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 113416412 originConf 624079697
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227100877 that extends conf 113416412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538745405 that extends conf 227100877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 113416412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673367807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4015102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 4015102 originConf 673367807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901663135 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362432678 that extends conf 1901663135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 627709989 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123664282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 624637962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 624637962 originConf 1123664282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66774422 that extends conf 624637962 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385140107 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869005911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 869005911 originConf 1385140107
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57264571 that extends conf 869005911 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 627746290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523794808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 523794808 originConf 627746290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628305283 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351520508 that extends conf 1628305283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727818265 that extends conf 523794808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1350377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1227438915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1227438915 originConf 1350377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280263013 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891175246 that extends conf 1280263013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92575452 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 124540047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1801878707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1801878707 originConf 124540047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847839957 that extends conf 1801878707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812200214 that extends conf 847839957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1820920259 that extends conf 1801878707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigsFailure
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigsFailure
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
