msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1752365512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1566099239 originConf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329481770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338770454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1338770454 originConf 329481770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 1338770454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446605963 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729804742 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842128228 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27797431 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592613645 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76877387 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382647654 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562046964 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213329690 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864513992 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060837406 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719980910 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464533971 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010255710 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15752155 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846572912 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485958166 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947337524 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201802253 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940866218 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240768961 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699071101 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825908337 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301668800 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590879713 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481678258 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173203625 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910835686 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854634152 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999848262 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609174469 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785750251 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
