msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662592920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491522744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1491522744 originConf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155757579 that extends conf 1491522744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696165690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 138536309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 138536309 originConf 696165690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 138536309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115945887 that extends conf 1233505227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556520190 that extends conf 138536309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 485475507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 485475507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255109302 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203472514 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testLocatedListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
