msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEmpty
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153525747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 786468308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 786468308 originConf 153525747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637027464 that extends conf 786468308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582132106 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61933163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61933163 originConf 1582132106
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434666703 that extends conf 61933163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676306984 that extends conf 434666703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798827575 that extends conf 61933163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 404330264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 207159158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 207159158 originConf 404330264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463684106 that extends conf 207159158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98664234 that extends conf 1463684106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850463705 that extends conf 207159158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2114536945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 341667796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 341667796 originConf 2114536945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448079875 that extends conf 341667796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1931580143 that extends conf 1448079875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699680656 that extends conf 341667796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846123403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390501036
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1390501036 originConf 1846123403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495657254 that extends conf 1390501036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278993648 that extends conf 495657254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638311146 that extends conf 1390501036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 189186123 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 774858306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 774858306 originConf 189186123
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97478897 that extends conf 774858306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847640729 that extends conf 97478897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616582237 that extends conf 774858306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 377346165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76627447
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 76627447 originConf 377346165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319500660 that extends conf 76627447 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126891154 that extends conf 1319500660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044713860 that extends conf 76627447 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 206592055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1148957963
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1148957963 originConf 206592055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733946992 that extends conf 1148957963 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470109530 that extends conf 1733946992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236728922 that extends conf 1148957963 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 305620668 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2006179527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2006179527 originConf 305620668
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999846976 that extends conf 2006179527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121397523 that extends conf 1999846976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985271379 that extends conf 2006179527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1169015367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1593290124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1593290124 originConf 1169015367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309800114 that extends conf 1593290124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214785390 that extends conf 1309800114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764698726 that extends conf 1593290124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095154845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2088461187
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2088461187 originConf 2095154845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114212249 that extends conf 2088461187 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197568044 that extends conf 2114212249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129017638 that extends conf 2088461187 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1468760139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 434296225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 434296225 originConf 1468760139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10081998 that extends conf 434296225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511568330 that extends conf 10081998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1698005996 that extends conf 434296225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668664411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146704469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 146704469 originConf 1668664411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413054375 that extends conf 146704469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721996370 that extends conf 413054375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693657999 that extends conf 146704469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1651730981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 153545623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 153545623 originConf 1651730981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239774425 that extends conf 153545623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650162841 that extends conf 239774425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823361481 that extends conf 153545623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920902790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2033705933
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 2033705933 originConf 920902790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649082599 that extends conf 2033705933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1065010760 that extends conf 1649082599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471679046 that extends conf 2033705933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1350789865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 97744645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 97744645 originConf 1350789865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418734376 that extends conf 97744645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884785333 that extends conf 1418734376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167499726 that extends conf 97744645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1375671715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1838832476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1838832476 originConf 1375671715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019641168 that extends conf 1838832476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335119033 that extends conf 1019641168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815914878 that extends conf 1838832476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEmpty
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEmpty
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
