msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106557175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 106557175 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 2083854344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1027200 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437630857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 437630857 originConf 1027200
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1318475957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424788681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1424788681 originConf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1883830050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 707506411
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 707506411 originConf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683718244 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626626764 that extends conf 683718244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 986944742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724028528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 724028528 originConf 986944742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61304908 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623131585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465152579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 465152579 originConf 623131585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153448497 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1574573264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1574573264 originConf 153448497
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807872790 that extends conf 1574573264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004655561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571956559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 571956559 originConf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1437129801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 131037934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008608255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1008608255 originConf 131037934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1442342557 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
