msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043317832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370495328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 417875774
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 417875774 originConf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 417875774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637601612 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 417875774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1630841930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1486553742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1486553742 originConf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687399269 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45416784 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[3]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[3]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
