msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenOnlyFewTargetNodesAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791576618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955381645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1955381645 originConf 1791576618
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778765370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2014428080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2014428080 originConf 1778765370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469466612 that extends conf 2014428080 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2014428080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174255278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1174255278 originConf 2014428080
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1409123516 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1527763648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1527763648 originConf 1409123516
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015046659 that extends conf 1527763648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448444557 that extends conf 1015046659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400949776 that extends conf 1527763648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 914208798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755121317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 755121317 originConf 914208798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172367132 that extends conf 755121317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380021407 that extends conf 172367132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653840614 that extends conf 755121317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1968301550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418510094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 418510094 originConf 1968301550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095838549 that extends conf 418510094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739122297 that extends conf 2095838549 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044314225 that extends conf 418510094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 490705054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 121071890
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 121071890 originConf 490705054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847622709 that extends conf 121071890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624319472 that extends conf 847622709 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053290496 that extends conf 121071890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1273565550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 266200911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 266200911 originConf 1273565550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959444002 that extends conf 266200911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927688 that extends conf 959444002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099695366 that extends conf 266200911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443565641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502573991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1502573991 originConf 443565641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080575901 that extends conf 1502573991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680757736 that extends conf 2080575901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359656222 that extends conf 1502573991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869032021 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1744045548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1744045548 originConf 1869032021
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763179731 that extends conf 1744045548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874313046 that extends conf 763179731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176007616 that extends conf 1744045548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66538561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338051897
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1338051897 originConf 66538561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746550886 that extends conf 1338051897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330168903 that extends conf 746550886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539916828 that extends conf 1338051897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072650478 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1971416595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1971416595 originConf 2072650478
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971497121 that extends conf 1971416595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297985862 that extends conf 1971497121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757039833 that extends conf 1971416595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671337394 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296086242
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1296086242 originConf 1671337394
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231522252 that extends conf 1296086242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419093495 that extends conf 1231522252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337115363 that extends conf 1296086242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 592273199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242015853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1242015853 originConf 592273199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896679660 that extends conf 1242015853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321516460 that extends conf 896679660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955930907 that extends conf 1242015853 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471868639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278902302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 278902302 originConf 1471868639
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828186902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445638461
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1445638461 originConf 828186902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120420656 that extends conf 1445638461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423149265 that extends conf 120420656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416557397 that extends conf 1445638461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 904597159 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860225199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 860225199 originConf 904597159
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768041035 that extends conf 860225199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660142305 that extends conf 1768041035 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656615304 that extends conf 860225199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenOnlyFewTargetNodesAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenOnlyFewTargetNodesAreAvailableToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
