msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMoveValidity
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1443755539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072439102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072439102 originConf 1443755539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335238322 that extends conf 1072439102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150657356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1684739083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1684739083 originConf 1150657356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194984870 that extends conf 1684739083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134329795 that extends conf 1194984870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064035305 that extends conf 1684739083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605620104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1882036667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1882036667 originConf 605620104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187023993 that extends conf 1882036667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361970034 that extends conf 1187023993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418520432 that extends conf 1882036667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1379672331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 263527910
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 263527910 originConf 1379672331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431003669 that extends conf 263527910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017731925 that extends conf 431003669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120532237 that extends conf 263527910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 10664023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 547847533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 547847533 originConf 10664023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278821098 that extends conf 547847533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626327802 that extends conf 278821098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367541849 that extends conf 547847533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 192106674 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 694819229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 694819229 originConf 192106674
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908436440 that extends conf 694819229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600900696 that extends conf 1908436440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975977792 that extends conf 694819229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1600629519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568002945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1568002945 originConf 1600629519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846088471 that extends conf 1568002945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932880304 that extends conf 1846088471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158914222 that extends conf 1568002945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 649437318 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771133075
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1771133075 originConf 649437318
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560933931 that extends conf 1771133075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4695522 that extends conf 1560933931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549666878 that extends conf 1771133075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 418756350 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1019694494
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1019694494 originConf 418756350
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441637197 that extends conf 1019694494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600486884 that extends conf 1441637197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786689638 that extends conf 1019694494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 729757913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2040733302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2040733302 originConf 729757913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149951281 that extends conf 2040733302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219897304 that extends conf 149951281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030578847 that extends conf 2040733302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMoveValidity
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMoveValidity
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
