msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLevelECPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058571454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163613960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1163613960 originConf 2058571454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32273829 that extends conf 1163613960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 802802210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1316329593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1316329593 originConf 802802210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082927291 that extends conf 1316329593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052955407 that extends conf 2082927291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047667822 that extends conf 1316329593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097093542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1866995473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1866995473 originConf 1097093542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992861384 that extends conf 1866995473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190774876 that extends conf 992861384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1049228497 that extends conf 1866995473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1196543053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1588935328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1588935328 originConf 1196543053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116632543 that extends conf 1588935328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630900422 that extends conf 2116632543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069382763 that extends conf 1588935328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1818045782 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 886644673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 886644673 originConf 1818045782
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226462124 that extends conf 886644673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317691705 that extends conf 1226462124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854306125 that extends conf 886644673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 830615324 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1768451121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1768451121 originConf 830615324
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750987482 that extends conf 1768451121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303418054 that extends conf 750987482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683038 that extends conf 1768451121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLevelECPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLevelECPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
