msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testEditLogTailing
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9190301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623009085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1623009085 originConf 9190301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1623009085 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123226989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645875534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 645875534 originConf 1123226989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556162268 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1556162268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335061928 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984412970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878598679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 878598679 originConf 984412970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 878598679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1539088279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 878598679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 533173186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670689666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 670689666 originConf 533173186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 670689666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 701166114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 670689666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405488475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827579900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 827579900 originConf 405488475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 827579900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 3392189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 827579900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 716972621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 271422148
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 271422148 originConf 716972621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 271422148 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testEditLogTailing
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testEditLogTailing
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
