msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599566873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1060935276 originConf 1599566873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069584108 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237264838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 1237264838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061018585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907467420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1907467420 originConf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115087165 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653337757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 653337757 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[11]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[11]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[11]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
