msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095203437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877240674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1877240674 originConf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1226298219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944348744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 944348744 originConf 1226298219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765690649 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125865913 that extends conf 1765690649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272753974 that extends conf 944348744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761680655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502882632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1502882632 originConf 761680655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752365512 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501036152 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 1502882632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665512315 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1919555524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1919555524 originConf 665512315
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878225987 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938259481 that extends conf 1878225987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1553077867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704600661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1704600661 originConf 1553077867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78816013 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 78816013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65982709 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1257532915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 801142660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 801142660 originConf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319061373 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540219992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1842943543 originConf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254315540 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
