msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 1851522556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 516413619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1777043124 originConf 516413619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657069980 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919576980 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1412564235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1555793073 originConf 1412564235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1707901480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1471800355 originConf 1707901480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098737173 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841483227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982634822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 982634822 originConf 841483227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 604602011 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1449987177 originConf 604602011
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249337777 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315081042 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386677799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62309924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 62309924 originConf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 1205321651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
