msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285418035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453749509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1453749509 originConf 1285418035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88447841 that extends conf 1453749509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862943686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220797630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220797630 originConf 1862943686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977445282 that extends conf 1220797630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574482267 that extends conf 977445282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410189074 that extends conf 1220797630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 237995891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 495277589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 495277589 originConf 237995891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776420818 that extends conf 495277589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361296688 that extends conf 776420818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174025978 that extends conf 495277589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 423804238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 599616723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 599616723 originConf 423804238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107661097 that extends conf 599616723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323171831 that extends conf 1107661097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327136929 that extends conf 599616723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880858127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118363086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1118363086 originConf 880858127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397442874 that extends conf 1118363086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309491157 that extends conf 397442874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725808809 that extends conf 1118363086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1451953384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 972758083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 972758083 originConf 1451953384
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307017299 that extends conf 972758083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011891472 that extends conf 307017299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1163073657 that extends conf 972758083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544342111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3082050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 3082050 originConf 544342111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026637103 that extends conf 3082050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446314584 that extends conf 2026637103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017237117 that extends conf 3082050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 344478226 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 891946945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 891946945 originConf 344478226
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539501174 that extends conf 891946945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334762523 that extends conf 1539501174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786933530 that extends conf 891946945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1759178930 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 144364198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 144364198 originConf 1759178930
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738093659 that extends conf 144364198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786707955 that extends conf 738093659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244011660 that extends conf 144364198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 907485387 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740977691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1740977691 originConf 907485387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997679718 that extends conf 1740977691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645852646 that extends conf 1997679718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746228986 that extends conf 1740977691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testEnforceAsReplicatedFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
