msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testMoverWithFullStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 106938712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917997967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 917997967 originConf 106938712
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991176663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 400193252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 400193252 originConf 991176663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592065233 that extends conf 400193252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 400193252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 216784661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 216784661 originConf 400193252
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 616150328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1402074614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1402074614 originConf 616150328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676419736 that extends conf 1402074614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709081580 that extends conf 1676419736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145535701 that extends conf 1402074614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 858621104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779934810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1779934810 originConf 858621104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632884142 that extends conf 1779934810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929245231 that extends conf 632884142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863139626 that extends conf 1779934810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768784742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1675908681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1675908681 originConf 1768784742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540548988 that extends conf 1675908681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828537423 that extends conf 1540548988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042377908 that extends conf 1675908681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 355828480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1419901749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1419901749 originConf 355828480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1271583170 that extends conf 1419901749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564571197 that extends conf 1271583170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219293091 that extends conf 1419901749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 487727455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177044665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1177044665 originConf 487727455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390874565 that extends conf 1177044665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365232616 that extends conf 390874565 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217874816 that extends conf 1177044665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179756562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1342432529
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1342432529 originConf 179756562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399207538 that extends conf 1342432529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159246606 that extends conf 1399207538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220981416 that extends conf 1342432529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684478488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1486659863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1486659863 originConf 1684478488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219733545 that extends conf 1486659863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080028726 that extends conf 219733545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99857918 that extends conf 1486659863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449555833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227063301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 227063301 originConf 1449555833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680121413 that extends conf 227063301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703503844 that extends conf 680121413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36715390 that extends conf 227063301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 881875194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1537231220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1537231220 originConf 881875194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427648064 that extends conf 1537231220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112516378 that extends conf 1427648064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827258851 that extends conf 1537231220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1160075054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1880260150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1880260150 originConf 1160075054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518972325 that extends conf 1880260150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293482485 that extends conf 1518972325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231932165 that extends conf 1880260150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 90341872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081508476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1081508476 originConf 90341872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096987560 that extends conf 1081508476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758911965 that extends conf 2096987560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131983292 that extends conf 1081508476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471868639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 119156627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 119156627 originConf 1471868639
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 363467303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 590848150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 590848150 originConf 363467303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830391299 that extends conf 590848150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960856236 that extends conf 830391299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061668567 that extends conf 590848150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 899200536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217692458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1217692458 originConf 899200536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957505059 that extends conf 1217692458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413513263 that extends conf 1957505059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158239512 that extends conf 1217692458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984644349 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1715878767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1715878767 originConf 1984644349
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1051008230 that extends conf 1715878767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493632528 that extends conf 1051008230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374203460 that extends conf 1715878767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1494662774 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 878493749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 878493749 originConf 1494662774
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210601288 that extends conf 878493749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936861225 that extends conf 210601288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399746987 that extends conf 878493749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102608170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687478103
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 687478103 originConf 102608170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805440342 that extends conf 687478103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741424013 that extends conf 805440342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742477659 that extends conf 687478103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testMoverWithFullStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testMoverWithFullStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
