msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 213193302 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 220695851 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 220695851 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863953433 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1360215046 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1360215046 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512456259 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776484396 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506164174 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800010078 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599998092 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023990872 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724304787 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218872987 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318195345 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836342008 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007362106 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654140536 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613741328 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866596095 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057761749 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636179303 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952518897 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 204322447 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 204322447 originConf 204322447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431556341 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521266418 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377148423 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335569223 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605988985 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134202713 that extends conf 1605988985 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1605988985 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 61137731 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 61137731 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032438158 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910189081 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210096917 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832432849 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031927175 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1967617997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1967617997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1288135425 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1288135425 originConf 1288135425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211031000 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359260382 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692086150 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32829198 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15094126 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843743552 that extends conf 15094126 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139609587 that extends conf 15094126 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948960194 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173060252 that extends conf 948960194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302877661 that extends conf 948960194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300132917 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756102134 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619647802 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041224885 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052629981 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304746689 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992972442 that extends conf 204322447 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 204322447 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 941403433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 941403433 originConf 204322447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584833211 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172968580 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679463478 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488475370 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678680178 that extends conf 1179272258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1179272258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1467977993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 1467977993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 61137731 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1547817015
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1547817015 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491911867 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355883038 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298255649 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164289802 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 1164289802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503614751 that extends conf 824900551 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 824900551 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1288135425 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1701436909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1701436909 originConf 1288135425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765690649 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206229618 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440190449 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849346963 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1564078808 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441410416 that extends conf 1564078808 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241758568 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046627745 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200520810 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1796014695 that extends conf 941403433 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59298288 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383697684 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045042051 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testUncoordinatedCall
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testUncoordinatedCall
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testUncoordinatedCall
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
