msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 857195952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 545391136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 545391136 originConf 857195952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852927721 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952746266 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 519492459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321560625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 321560625 originConf 519492459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576607389 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400558511 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854068796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626181311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 626181311 originConf 854068796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199652242 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799871831 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251911850 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164856921 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392794235 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278001850 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068174218 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995885248 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530801927 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675694576 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956998183 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522212299 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832279744 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583837485 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346598587 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446338429 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556952077 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1479008801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87794579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 87794579 originConf 1479008801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668353625 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107218774 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645187105 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893903124 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121791145 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281339799 that extends conf 121791145 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661941033 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413516928 that extends conf 1661941033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295893092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510984448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 510984448 originConf 295893092
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410038816 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923614407 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151451044 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774740512 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756760356 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574512740 that extends conf 1756760356 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181470561 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146918383 that extends conf 181470561 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1479008801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1216333021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1216333021 originConf 1479008801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43906894 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947948431 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322751778 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221652628 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794250616 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179783643 that extends conf 794250616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379952037 that extends conf 1216333021 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930143773 that extends conf 1379952037 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295893092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453006105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1453006105 originConf 295893092
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162373878 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669562372 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16230023 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364687198 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711667682 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698916955 that extends conf 1711667682 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680638501 that extends conf 1453006105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797419657 that extends conf 1680638501 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 627245747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1403505197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1403505197 originConf 627245747
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testFinalizeUpgradeNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
