msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 565758369 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1992605700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1992605700 originConf 565758369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129085360 that extends conf 1992605700 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 571043847 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998741245
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1998741245 originConf 571043847
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422471255 that extends conf 1998741245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370590044 that extends conf 1422471255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400344748 that extends conf 1998741245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627491770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116305404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 116305404 originConf 1627491770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104006265 that extends conf 116305404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419316211 that extends conf 2104006265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442765659 that extends conf 116305404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357463084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1654666475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1654666475 originConf 357463084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830559566 that extends conf 1654666475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280662782 that extends conf 830559566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727401376 that extends conf 1654666475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1865162278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809691150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 809691150 originConf 1865162278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101389970 that extends conf 809691150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834434569 that extends conf 2101389970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429851705 that extends conf 809691150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1284509276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1586430568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1586430568 originConf 1284509276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643726794 that extends conf 1586430568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93439093 that extends conf 643726794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687129208 that extends conf 1586430568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299770911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090149062
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1090149062 originConf 1299770911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434133746 that extends conf 1090149062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713275380 that extends conf 1434133746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842628975 that extends conf 1090149062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1477107633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1077423152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1077423152 originConf 1477107633
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243414726 that extends conf 1077423152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677626584 that extends conf 243414726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692819265 that extends conf 1077423152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1310289675 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 155127534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 155127534 originConf 1310289675
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422658140 that extends conf 155127534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902202259 that extends conf 1422658140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739859463 that extends conf 155127534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1881155929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1536197375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1536197375 originConf 1881155929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203482883 that extends conf 1536197375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046909321 that extends conf 203482883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791024448 that extends conf 1536197375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 412246599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1635350440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1635350440 originConf 412246599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976986718 that extends conf 1635350440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685714464 that extends conf 976986718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000304185 that extends conf 1635350440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedWriteWithMultipleDns[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
