msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGenerateEDEKTime
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9190301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623009085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1623009085 originConf 9190301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1623009085 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 494894055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1542598424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1542598424 originConf 494894055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122357625 that extends conf 1542598424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96039159 that extends conf 2122357625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267042315 that extends conf 1542598424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1340057206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1587872480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1587872480 originConf 1340057206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1587872480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 322830747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1587872480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936628786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 936628786 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481751887 that extends conf 936628786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 936628786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 80756779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622135821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1622135821 originConf 80756779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503144273 that extends conf 1622135821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 503144273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1622135821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788256184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 807986446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 807986446 originConf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873168630 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 807986446 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1206946689 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 1206946689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110785285 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813780803 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118984327 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826690115 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGenerateEDEKTime
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testGenerateEDEKTime
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
