msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1662912171 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2054787417 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1707901480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1707901480 originConf 2054787417
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 1707901480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1742448147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 248495761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 248495761 originConf 1742448147
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 248495761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652007616 that extends conf 1445758842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183995527 that extends conf 248495761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1313618488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98801744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 98801744 originConf 1313618488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844872102 that extends conf 98801744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 844872102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014824123 that extends conf 98801744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 559559860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1165568071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1165568071 originConf 559559860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90380642 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 1165568071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989826789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111710616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1111710616 originConf 1989826789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239937174 that extends conf 1111710616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985679444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007664442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1007664442 originConf 985679444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924915581 that extends conf 1007664442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 924915581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415979460 that extends conf 1007664442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1929661663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 822409149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 822409149 originConf 1929661663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582819897 that extends conf 822409149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727018418 that extends conf 582819897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468033320 that extends conf 822409149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242427797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139266166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2139266166 originConf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247348185 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238308051 that extends conf 1247348185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331946439 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
