msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 725832346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1527007086 originConf 725832346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 647973805 that extends conf 1527007086 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475394679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1049590050 originConf 475394679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739264372 that extends conf 1049590050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1373949107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1373949107 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 1373949107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1716164115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145066402 that extends conf 1373949107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1513029997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671816300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370224403
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1370224403 originConf 1671816300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505968231 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testListOnMountTargetDirs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
