msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testMixedBytesPerChecksum
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102103410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 102103410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816468636 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670689666 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760401098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372137902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1372137902 originConf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 558404860 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699265405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1699265405 originConf 558404860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 1998882269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424497441 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658281599
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 658281599 originConf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 319426406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004655561 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821342630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3694603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 3694603 originConf 821342630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401891515 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653337757 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1074844820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 800497654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 800497654 originConf 1074844820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 800497654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671811074 that extends conf 800497654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625901537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2050320909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2050320909 originConf 1625901537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699486292 that extends conf 2050320909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738111983 that extends conf 1699486292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029645118 that extends conf 2050320909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testMixedBytesPerChecksum
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testMixedBytesPerChecksum
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
