msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testLeaseRecoveryAfterFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704164672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865241748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1865241748 originConf 704164672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178799003 that extends conf 1865241748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179847548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437644884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 437644884 originConf 179847548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687590516 that extends conf 437644884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217436381 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 441513284
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 441513284 originConf 217436381
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864362301 that extends conf 441513284 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045757513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1853777816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1853777816 originConf 2045757513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476514339 that extends conf 1853777816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929929735 that extends conf 476514339 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950807083 that extends conf 1853777816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 480547246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1607283868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1607283868 originConf 480547246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676199000 that extends conf 1607283868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818562417 that extends conf 1676199000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192496571 that extends conf 1607283868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 240266934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206146317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1206146317 originConf 240266934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619383285 that extends conf 1206146317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862983097 that extends conf 619383285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176894566 that extends conf 1206146317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testLeaseRecoveryAfterFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testLeaseRecoveryAfterFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
