msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1822630059 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1031968647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327539680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2122991287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2122991287 originConf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 818859466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827371870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1872047468 originConf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81269359 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1872047468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757032717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 734971558
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 734971558 originConf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670951536 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 734971558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514793058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514793058 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
