msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613514326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613514326 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146613458 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 2146613458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414934182 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311315651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415979460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1415979460 originConf 1311315651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322484262 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539995236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1571278562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1571278562 originConf 1539995236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487185741 that extends conf 2060799061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358169683 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2009832657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2009832657 originConf 1358169683
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208301085 that extends conf 2009832657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145165159 that extends conf 208301085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813780803 that extends conf 2009832657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196717412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133730108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133730108 originConf 196717412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097989776 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818592781 that extends conf 2097989776 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580153829 that extends conf 1133730108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1927776715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 313149846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 313149846 originConf 1927776715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492947164 that extends conf 313149846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922871524 that extends conf 492947164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737085888 that extends conf 313149846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 885991756 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253380088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 253380088 originConf 885991756
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 253380088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 253380088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:42453: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:42453: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
