msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithZeroThreadsForMove
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1108924067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771667101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1771667101 originConf 1108924067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596910004 that extends conf 1771667101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1213871206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106557175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 106557175 originConf 1213871206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 2083854344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526305386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 347808407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 347808407 originConf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878598679 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 92864491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1743553655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1743553655 originConf 92864491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642538759 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788256184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 766101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 766101 originConf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 766101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589016913 that extends conf 766101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 805690186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2053349061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2053349061 originConf 805690186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 2053349061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 159562640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360440329 that extends conf 2053349061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1596000437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1089341986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1089341986 originConf 1596000437
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithZeroThreadsForMove
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithZeroThreadsForMove
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
