msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1637601612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 615853374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 615853374 originConf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869290854 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36627152 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295055909 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689458432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959758632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467401150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1897221921 originConf 467401150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 47268007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137989065 that extends conf 1897221921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238467882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352378889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 352378889 originConf 238467882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125098735 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 796886994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 796886994 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507891030 that extends conf 796886994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102149823 that extends conf 507891030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534782440 that extends conf 796886994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery9
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
