msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816468391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 11383031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 11383031 originConf 816468391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830453209 that extends conf 11383031 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836488083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1466164900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1466164900 originConf 1836488083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537651980 that extends conf 1466164900 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1111063600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331906748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1331906748 originConf 1111063600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711144687 that extends conf 1331906748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826387371 that extends conf 1711144687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844011893 that extends conf 1331906748 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 547265028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 663321451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 663321451 originConf 547265028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742478443 that extends conf 663321451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348748756 that extends conf 742478443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964022758 that extends conf 663321451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 533584087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1436269540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1436269540 originConf 533584087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523273545 that extends conf 1436269540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292909973 that extends conf 523273545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837509407 that extends conf 1436269540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356101698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1991143796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1991143796 originConf 1356101698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420132760 that extends conf 1991143796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474137213 that extends conf 420132760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012880418 that extends conf 1991143796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878206711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053877057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1053877057 originConf 1878206711
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 328328539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1635054750
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1635054750 originConf 328328539
msx-rc 0
