msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210281271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76659128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76659128 originConf 210281271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 76659128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2061226112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443173326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1443173326 originConf 2061226112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817054343 that extends conf 1443173326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393198164 that extends conf 997294994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116184677 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 116184677
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 129371198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106113013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 106113013 originConf 129371198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 1785807415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8136897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 886004375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 886004375 originConf 8136897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 886004375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425275537 that extends conf 1592712032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761680655 that extends conf 886004375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 929985841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407747276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 407747276 originConf 929985841
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300104620 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 184133791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 184133791 originConf 300104620
msx-rc 0
