msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1276544608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1276544608 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910896157 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044825144 that extends conf 1910896157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612693043 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917277283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1103132232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1103132232 originConf 917277283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36550900 that extends conf 1924966548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1088744071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465909321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 465909321 originConf 1088744071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 465909321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 49969897 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 465909321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710191146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042917213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2042917213 originConf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1914615775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312843412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1312843412 originConf 1914615775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800605369 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 1800605369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1251285265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346377974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 346377974 originConf 1251285265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 1060928475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769252629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 554634433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 554634433 originConf 1769252629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982876486 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 1982876486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 554634433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1400582895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969856053
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1969856053 originConf 1400582895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458748394 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227224309 that extends conf 1458748394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047515321 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
