msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620187937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1838250251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1838250251 originConf 1620187937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921012072 that extends conf 1838250251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 1921012072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 1838250251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285072597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800959603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1800959603 originConf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128077491 that extends conf 1980194149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090894907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041263297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703644914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 703644914 originConf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998434604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62803825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 62803825 originConf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394349340 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122256138 that extends conf 394349340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278753868 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 278753868
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102577332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1258103238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1258103238 originConf 102577332
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069350529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933799970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1933799970 originConf 1069350529
msx-rc 0
