msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973692608 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716972621 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 691096777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 691096777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991386317 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013517612 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312921588 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553382613 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113731409 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231975495 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090355618 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960745517 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518280564 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509745867 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229234192 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893098689 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557707522 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944114976 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307294552 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56230691 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795930627 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1668262269 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156909571 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442342879 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105268689 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57551317 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368146827 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991848782 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995943916 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766515588 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120308023 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689097581 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822352062 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619791145 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126980757 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
