msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testMultipleVolFailuresOnNode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2046150287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1582132714
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1582132714 originConf 2046150287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158749155 that extends conf 1582132714 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096704909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256521571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256521571 originConf 1096704909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58304000 that extends conf 1256521571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398461233 that extends conf 58304000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197741521 that extends conf 1256521571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118216492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 785353516
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 785353516 originConf 2118216492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504803736 that extends conf 785353516 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2091762219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033668313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1033668313 originConf 2091762219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355657321 that extends conf 1033668313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737828966 that extends conf 1355657321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250729074 that extends conf 1033668313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 565680356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677172393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 677172393 originConf 565680356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487221291 that extends conf 677172393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626313431 that extends conf 487221291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166324589 that extends conf 677172393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 118088062 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257072556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1257072556 originConf 118088062
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397001486 that extends conf 1257072556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052308789 that extends conf 397001486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10149373 that extends conf 1257072556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testMultipleVolFailuresOnNode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting#testMultipleVolFailuresOnNode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
