msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[8]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423752095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788034018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1788034018 originConf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 197855654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833335943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367594377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1367594377 originConf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291847739 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 291847739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586917260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 586917260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700348233 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471800355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 923360749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 923360749 originConf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948650013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 948650013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299497914 that extends conf 1313618488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62309924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 62309924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111710616 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[8]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[8]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
