msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613514326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613514326 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146613458 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 2146613458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585841343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1624355359 originConf 1585841343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539995236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1571278562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1571278562 originConf 1539995236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487185741 that extends conf 2060799061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1352913142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158460163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 158460163 originConf 1352913142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920632751 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041638599 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534662976 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173197870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827099978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 827099978 originConf 173197870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1124288521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740708279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1740708279 originConf 1124288521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872417052 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710591086 that extends conf 1872417052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487287849 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299885218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1591683105 originConf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554146322 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:42173: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:42173: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[32]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
