msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154821602 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507819576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1939022383 originConf 507819576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404648734 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26757919 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876200119 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840469894 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82538932 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595399996 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582778254 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709612184 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188578528 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040110317 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745497581 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436934284 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395064002 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604232986 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364808345 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589152401 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413538273 that extends conf 1939022383 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493158871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1493158871 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352776719 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752111037 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627613862 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379638773 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1493158871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926027290
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1926027290 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016162524 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883920683 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591364753 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887818196 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 172518776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 172518776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 1926027290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240843015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1416706187
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1416706187 originConf 1240843015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52451302 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436911942 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655281691 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880990743 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1416706187 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779598031 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2138005960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 244577237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 244577237 originConf 2138005960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091736037 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354615929 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935660909 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829997012 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037202079 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811880447 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798278875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1314228008 originConf 798278875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623773232 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130494581 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938153803 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1314228008 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 918307166 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240843015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1041451158 originConf 1240843015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747721875 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096577667 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369169734 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1862900975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1862900975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1545666472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1545666472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15743176 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400242397 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133340295 that extends conf 244577237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 1378280450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 1378280450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoObserverToActive
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418849564 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51777421 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841562944 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoObserverToActive
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoObserverToActive
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
