msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392886653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917277283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 917277283 originConf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623131585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1108066952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1108066952 originConf 623131585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996533593 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 996533593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673384643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451959555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 451959555 originConf 673384643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 451959555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552179791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1911168986 originConf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154941313 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 939475028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918899286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 918899286 originConf 939475028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 918899286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 918899286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027133545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810196347
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 810196347 originConf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134157671 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 2134157671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1075082007 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515116175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 249515830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 249515830 originConf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 109065770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 236633380
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 236633380 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709784996 that extends conf 236633380 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790031776 that extends conf 1709784996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523725202 that extends conf 236633380 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
