msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 503857851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 65017454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1603344954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1603344954 originConf 65017454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710254333 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640951213 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059559356 that extends conf 640951213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 313276820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 196226609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 196226609 originConf 313276820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450132253 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162097606 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895941820 that extends conf 1162097606 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72607014 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133922897 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23354902 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465037455 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753891487 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813774910 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076428800 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085763498 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683537317 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619471678 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145698574 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930340783 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993012073 that extends conf 1603344954 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250828279 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032565983 that extends conf 196226609 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1200979828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 615524414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 615524414 originConf 1200979828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678521452 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891892765 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819679726 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289690742 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113238559 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005159148 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011556731 that extends conf 2005159148 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350475919 that extends conf 615524414 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895156994 that extends conf 1350475919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485379919 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 992435199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 992435199 originConf 1485379919
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279856280 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676456276 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281188190 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459031119 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158681100 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901034372 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377991867 that extends conf 1901034372 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695526723 that extends conf 992435199 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147891179 that extends conf 695526723 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1200979828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70845227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 70845227 originConf 1200979828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892182108 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001080245 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548510319 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344417989 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582481007 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986899404 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983508401 that extends conf 986899404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450742191 that extends conf 70845227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369071243 that extends conf 450742191 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485379919 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1057626996
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1057626996 originConf 1485379919
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160020059 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493794243 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679532068 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164626777 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850889966 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254314784 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383336030 that extends conf 1254314784 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003782617 that extends conf 1057626996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108387333 that extends conf 1003782617 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 349589968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174890189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1174890189 originConf 349589968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
