msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423752095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788034018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1788034018 originConf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197855654 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 197855654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833335943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367594377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1367594377 originConf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291847739 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 291847739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991386317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312565954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 312565954 originConf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078154554 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058174333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1225970981 originConf 2058174333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523034648 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326998608 that extends conf 1523034648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73608444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 73608444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
