msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOneJNMissingSegments
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455538610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1226622409 originConf 455538610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072724423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2058135834 originConf 2072724423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826865256 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348055829 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1508181426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988850650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 988850650 originConf 1508181426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100929741 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808009213 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818562441 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325266457 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160965272 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569835949 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824160172 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976035408 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542104475 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704487321 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816528671 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268974304 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1268974304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 244872973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 244872973 originConf 1268974304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129433283 that extends conf 244872973 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198197478 that extends conf 244872973 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOneJNMissingSegments
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOneJNMissingSegments
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
