msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28145535 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347791431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1397530667
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1397530667 originConf 347791431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399149970 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450712470 that extends conf 399149970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353891891 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775574071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 205496410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 205496410 originConf 775574071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45643137 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620187937 that extends conf 45643137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243350866 that extends conf 205496410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 488669101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 409596180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 409596180 originConf 488669101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831705084 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 190153364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1272744797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1272744797 originConf 190153364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 1272744797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275626728 that extends conf 369333979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 1272744797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145105559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206946689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1206946689 originConf 145105559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632300236 that extends conf 1206946689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1632300236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 1206946689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955587357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000530216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2000530216 originConf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147089688 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 147089688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521973283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 903064416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 903064416 originConf 521973283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989520513 that extends conf 810576909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529842358 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368955890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1269339945 originConf 368955890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213683471 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
