msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNformat
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095490653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352359770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 352359770 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482052083 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813666644 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35984028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541285440
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 541285440 originConf 35984028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552937500 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1667305539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 550147359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 550147359 originConf 1667305539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914942811 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57241990 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521882187 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703608017 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670981493 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757745504 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417388208 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631937823 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276177151 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302476408 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558903551 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747516217 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467029965 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043210829 that extends conf 550147359 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252741486 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505160531 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187630164 that extends conf 352359770 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389774257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424108509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1424108509 originConf 1389774257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548946718 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572628826 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 860790066 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764122151 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 1497268815 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228798862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1228798862 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841166421 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41416101 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489452883 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112121182 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389774257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1045567253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1045567253 originConf 1389774257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335914322 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630096280 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274327953 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95357972 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776486598 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438228197 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719547057 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476973576 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 32496853
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 32496853 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944815218 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925484300 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727379699 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965229440 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835316563 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399225534 that extends conf 1835316563 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490630452 that extends conf 32496853 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857007886 that extends conf 490630452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007292753 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401941290 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130793956 that extends conf 1045567253 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNformat
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncAfterJNformat
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
