msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620456576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 620456576 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 635288507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102103410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 102103410 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1037942373 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1760401098 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507061061 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28145535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1425405511 originConf 28145535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911168986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1531175283 originConf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079190991 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097069005 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959758632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511651343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368153528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 368153528 originConf 511651343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1129420075
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1129420075 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401185249 that extends conf 1129420075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1099056502 that extends conf 1401185249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510306536 that extends conf 1129420075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery16
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
