msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1314228008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1771687225 originConf 1314228008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698498109 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 698498109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1771687225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1665308978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1622863652 originConf 1665308978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 1402333753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944348744 that extends conf 1622863652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 518692141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800932232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1800932232 originConf 518692141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260127127 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 1260127127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425275537 that extends conf 1800932232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1752365512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1566099239 originConf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1101721002 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 1101721002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 1101721002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872047468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133177937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 133177937 originConf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142103421 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552416003 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584157293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1955587357 originConf 584157293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199000084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 673129458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 673129458 originConf 199000084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014824123 that extends conf 673129458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 1014824123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165568071 that extends conf 673129458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1596997325 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648972298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 648972298 originConf 1596997325
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 648972298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 648972298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394424498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239937174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 239937174 originConf 394424498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161118423 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781459498 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 555740147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060432982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 2060432982 originConf 555740147
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1139851985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 476868388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 476868388 originConf 1139851985
msx-rc 0
