msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101721002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838627755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 838627755 originConf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553077867 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141941210 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718249948 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590286201 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036511030 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 299150824 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671133171 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485126978 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660162698 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718776744 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048459093 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760412625 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596112841 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906613690 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021400332 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784478726 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808224280 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007322730 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447217186 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137222654 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650593923 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902943327 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577910886 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907624060 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064862235 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699610546 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252664896 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169079513 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229151921 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852007829 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546286710 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144756822 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977380418 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
