msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testPlacementPolicySatisfied
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624082737 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1770897033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1770897033 originConf 1624082737
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372048882 that extends conf 1770897033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1675125746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2127235444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2127235444 originConf 1675125746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569643840 that extends conf 2127235444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241565350 that extends conf 1569643840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383632345 that extends conf 2127235444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317227827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1854353919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1854353919 originConf 317227827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316469401 that extends conf 1854353919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449620292 that extends conf 316469401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252557975 that extends conf 1854353919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798225505 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 735709811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 735709811 originConf 798225505
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987120445 that extends conf 735709811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882749374 that extends conf 987120445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649965690 that extends conf 735709811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 530078139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1559333022
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1559333022 originConf 530078139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796466982 that extends conf 1559333022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874560830 that extends conf 796466982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178228826 that extends conf 1559333022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428720743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1381459375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1381459375 originConf 1428720743
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344777487 that extends conf 1381459375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426838868 that extends conf 344777487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076647771 that extends conf 1381459375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478774414 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 26060950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 26060950 originConf 1478774414
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650546118 that extends conf 26060950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65308844 that extends conf 1650546118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531367797 that extends conf 26060950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1298148585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 622537059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 622537059 originConf 1298148585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351173193 that extends conf 622537059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853550787 that extends conf 351173193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605637287 that extends conf 622537059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226758225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733615618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1733615618 originConf 226758225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588602334 that extends conf 1733615618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727202619 that extends conf 1588602334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099633566 that extends conf 1733615618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762246332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 18113045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 18113045 originConf 1762246332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734529627 that extends conf 18113045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719101508 that extends conf 1734529627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111691379 that extends conf 18113045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904681321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1109446236
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1109446236 originConf 1904681321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007175255 that extends conf 1109446236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776390306 that extends conf 2007175255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058569215 that extends conf 1109446236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517942398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 266299727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 266299727 originConf 1517942398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335778135 that extends conf 266299727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133388240 that extends conf 1335778135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814272622 that extends conf 266299727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 720920550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1178565525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1178565525 originConf 720920550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137470268 that extends conf 1178565525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476565039 that extends conf 137470268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994336699 that extends conf 1178565525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testPlacementPolicySatisfied
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testPlacementPolicySatisfied
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
