msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerWithNodeGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1958630423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1508760445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1508760445 originConf 1958630423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984457361 that extends conf 1508760445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983757389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618059865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 618059865 originConf 983757389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630442382 that extends conf 618059865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730216676 that extends conf 630442382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225774493 that extends conf 618059865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213470866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1126159949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1126159949 originConf 213470866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942071781 that extends conf 1126159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66014492 that extends conf 1942071781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408431656 that extends conf 1126159949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255852573 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 881358739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 881358739 originConf 1255852573
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432196051 that extends conf 881358739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185413473 that extends conf 1432196051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106543311 that extends conf 881358739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71431015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697738623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 697738623 originConf 71431015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094363292 that extends conf 697738623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557036574 that extends conf 1094363292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765218374 that extends conf 697738623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501476351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2062528571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2062528571 originConf 501476351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300230973 that extends conf 2062528571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503540918 that extends conf 1300230973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19327612 that extends conf 2062528571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123002767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1660134627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1660134627 originConf 123002767
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123002767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1664894737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1664894737 originConf 123002767
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerWithNodeGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithNodeGroup#testBalancerWithNodeGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
