msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 211649273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1932244589 originConf 211649273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1800932232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442205321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 442205321 originConf 1800932232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 442205321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530870688 that extends conf 117460541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241758568 that extends conf 442205321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003307628 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 945064729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1875520143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1875520143 originConf 945064729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 1106468732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959055079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466577384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 466577384 originConf 959055079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694519286 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955587357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000530216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2000530216 originConf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147089688 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948650013 that extends conf 147089688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025955363 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673129458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620301064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1620301064 originConf 673129458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 602161799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 648972298 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808884231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1808884231 originConf 648972298
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075133112 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 2075133112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368802354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161118423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 161118423 originConf 368802354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790430792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 631621595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 631621595 originConf 1790430792
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 476868388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 318755294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 318755294 originConf 476868388
msx-rc 0
