msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117885704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 499951827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 499951827 originConf 117885704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62309924 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245439653 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 537483956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415979460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1415979460 originConf 537483956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322484262 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123862502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481402298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 481402298 originConf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440295203 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215023524 that extends conf 440295203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745571392 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779090574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1045397707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1045397707 originConf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372668833 that extends conf 1045397707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206678562 that extends conf 1372668833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295700833 that extends conf 1045397707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66231846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 167692593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 167692593 originConf 66231846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740095856 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618180899 that extends conf 1740095856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648214521 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1996556848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1812200214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1812200214 originConf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123629835 that extends conf 1812200214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269006535 that extends conf 123629835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773518491 that extends conf 1812200214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 790538253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648176342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 648176342 originConf 790538253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2052452680 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836386144 that extends conf 2052452680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203401172 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741007954 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:33837: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:33837: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
