msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyDirWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207680861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1972214323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1972214323 originConf 1207680861
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1383020281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104609968 originConf 1383020281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823443313 that extends conf 1104609968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1104609968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091101342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 2091101342 originConf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620119950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056666002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2056666002 originConf 1620119950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319995136 that extends conf 2056666002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809212119 that extends conf 1319995136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538334069 that extends conf 2056666002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 91729100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 84185844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 84185844 originConf 91729100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438767509 that extends conf 84185844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511952561 that extends conf 438767509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117325437 that extends conf 84185844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 415246118 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 406249104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 406249104 originConf 415246118
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220763047 that extends conf 406249104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827246433 that extends conf 220763047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89589377 that extends conf 406249104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1246255831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1246255831 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 529005300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538623755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 538623755 originConf 529005300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749351418 that extends conf 538623755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615270815 that extends conf 1749351418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584289641 that extends conf 538623755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyDirWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyDirWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
