msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1433956626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1433956626 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 708443754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577127077 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688150025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1365575811 originConf 1688150025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008547236 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894698434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 710220387
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 710220387 originConf 1894698434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846539844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1999135802 originConf 1846539844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3392189 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005093407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470132045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 470132045 originConf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28145535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 28145535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437129801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2115087165 originConf 1437129801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298557761 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 14633842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1053744929 originConf 14633842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1970528559 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1970528559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testUpdateStripedBlocks[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
