msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1658487789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 560465923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 560465923 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486348917 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testIncreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testIncreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testIncreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
