msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183400368 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 76827213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 76827213 originConf 1183400368
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741588057 that extends conf 76827213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2053899515 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808018781
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1808018781 originConf 2053899515
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430516855 that extends conf 1808018781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735650501 that extends conf 1430516855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566910737 that extends conf 1808018781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478787293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107259907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1107259907 originConf 478787293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963087367 that extends conf 1107259907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236114677 that extends conf 1963087367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763038583 that extends conf 1107259907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768066234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 415472146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 415472146 originConf 1768066234
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110441127 that extends conf 415472146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126838060 that extends conf 1110441127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844592488 that extends conf 415472146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871936952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 768057302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 768057302 originConf 1871936952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246187781 that extends conf 768057302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670260302 that extends conf 246187781 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139188448 that extends conf 768057302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1925578017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 363048093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 363048093 originConf 1925578017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 792526856 that extends conf 363048093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494375442 that extends conf 792526856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488104225 that extends conf 363048093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 645930697 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1632071636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1632071636 originConf 645930697
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686750919 that extends conf 1632071636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141508233 that extends conf 1686750919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104859857 that extends conf 1632071636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1488068882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 891054212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 891054212 originConf 1488068882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841477252 that extends conf 891054212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247191473 that extends conf 841477252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196612197 that extends conf 891054212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 120200087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2054058197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2054058197 originConf 120200087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405174244 that extends conf 2054058197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323065386 that extends conf 405174244 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446468805 that extends conf 2054058197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631582093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506421424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1506421424 originConf 631582093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754125724 that extends conf 1506421424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103604050 that extends conf 754125724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529282 that extends conf 1506421424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183400368 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539058265
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 539058265 originConf 1183400368
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265583352 that extends conf 539058265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684714731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691145277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 691145277 originConf 1684714731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488595921 that extends conf 691145277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741964448 that extends conf 1488595921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692162951 that extends conf 691145277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405694219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1170174844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1170174844 originConf 1405694219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399335645 that extends conf 1170174844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387071101 that extends conf 1399335645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059431199 that extends conf 1170174844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1570702548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1650893359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1650893359 originConf 1570702548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984463316 that extends conf 1650893359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339187733 that extends conf 1984463316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627977613 that extends conf 1650893359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1307293137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876575673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 876575673 originConf 1307293137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874855400 that extends conf 876575673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779598640 that extends conf 874855400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776485299 that extends conf 876575673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418234183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1690553864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1690553864 originConf 1418234183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63299511 that extends conf 1690553864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441275210 that extends conf 63299511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510978785 that extends conf 1690553864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1129549694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2053538050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 2053538050 originConf 1129549694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559564675 that extends conf 2053538050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646668337 that extends conf 559564675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853062895 that extends conf 2053538050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestSafeModeWithStripedFile#testStripedFile0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
