msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822945903 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957031857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1957031857 originConf 822945903
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 342348475 that extends conf 1957031857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687830536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1614263805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1614263805 originConf 687830536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774853717 that extends conf 1614263805 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370249943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 556985315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 556985315 originConf 1370249943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618832558 that extends conf 556985315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795414966 that extends conf 618832558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920454619 that extends conf 556985315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626421601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1929579534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1929579534 originConf 626421601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032349368 that extends conf 1929579534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501118659 that extends conf 2032349368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666800410 that extends conf 1929579534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053943464 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 846075908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 846075908 originConf 1053943464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848477718 that extends conf 846075908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727465947 that extends conf 1848477718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031046184 that extends conf 846075908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 971342345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 875375362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 875375362 originConf 971342345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538568203 that extends conf 875375362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964285580 that extends conf 1538568203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811368024 that extends conf 875375362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1496007407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042639283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 2042639283 originConf 1496007407
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1305935154 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 406146309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 406146309 originConf 1305935154
msx-rc 0
