msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedAndCorruptStripedBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662153449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 781210670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 781210670 originConf 1662153449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897580629 that extends conf 781210670 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1825549623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817861274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1817861274 originConf 1825549623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153132917 that extends conf 1817861274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089013491 that extends conf 1153132917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891454182 that extends conf 1817861274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 11194057 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 175361824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 175361824 originConf 11194057
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947490699 that extends conf 175361824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 349667698 that extends conf 947490699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427888390 that extends conf 175361824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973102583 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 521906369
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 521906369 originConf 973102583
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418020203 that extends conf 521906369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414170733 that extends conf 418020203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536773250 that extends conf 521906369 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 630787537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2044926571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2044926571 originConf 630787537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467722204 that extends conf 2044926571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184084699 that extends conf 1467722204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068827312 that extends conf 2044926571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 326201857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1668519613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1668519613 originConf 326201857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421782049 that extends conf 1668519613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089030456 that extends conf 1421782049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666423034 that extends conf 1668519613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643015659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 57173390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 57173390 originConf 1643015659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 155703722 that extends conf 57173390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12798036 that extends conf 155703722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320942133 that extends conf 57173390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 879740219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 690595468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 690595468 originConf 879740219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070207518 that extends conf 690595468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934553273 that extends conf 2070207518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1435003928 that extends conf 690595468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822023765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1685549764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1685549764 originConf 822023765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904410716 that extends conf 1685549764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692390384 that extends conf 1904410716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036739164 that extends conf 1685549764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 681173098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1057421439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1057421439 originConf 681173098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205197754 that extends conf 1057421439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564890920 that extends conf 205197754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279215064 that extends conf 1057421439 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668390953 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1341511358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1341511358 originConf 1668390953
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866320362 that extends conf 1341511358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284395050 that extends conf 866320362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350935465 that extends conf 1341511358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1146545353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 193057958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 193057958 originConf 1146545353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1796674334 that extends conf 193057958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441526324 that extends conf 1796674334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539259797 that extends conf 193057958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 867665691 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1838951473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1838951473 originConf 867665691
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504999199 that extends conf 1838951473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721959602 that extends conf 1504999199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787996105 that extends conf 1838951473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedAndCorruptStripedBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedAndCorruptStripedBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
