msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCachePool
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841537936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 701681793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 701681793 originConf 841537936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689458432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248276879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1716551994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1716551994 originConf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821342630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3694603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 3694603 originConf 821342630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401891515 that extends conf 1312843412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405055124 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 874153561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 215632153
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 215632153 originConf 874153561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 215632153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671811074 that extends conf 215632153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 604060129 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442077586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1442077586 originConf 604060129
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238994373 that extends conf 1442077586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596144422 that extends conf 1238994373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565079667 that extends conf 1442077586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050320909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 392289808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 392289808 originConf 2050320909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174687658 that extends conf 392289808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1174687658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677984391 that extends conf 392289808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCachePool
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCachePool
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
