msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35065767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 241944977
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 241944977 originConf 35065767
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364331564 that extends conf 241944977 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1825831428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 800106241
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 800106241 originConf 1825831428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487574114 that extends conf 800106241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277441796 that extends conf 1487574114 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385505828 that extends conf 800106241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1606162317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 299261478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 299261478 originConf 1606162317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237862250 that extends conf 299261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1446608534 that extends conf 237862250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246856879 that extends conf 299261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2123689841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1721414237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1721414237 originConf 2123689841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1271916356 that extends conf 1721414237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058368920 that extends conf 1271916356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881197930 that extends conf 1721414237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1087989505 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995198183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1995198183 originConf 1087989505
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017797182 that extends conf 1995198183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063569954 that extends conf 1017797182 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484095536 that extends conf 1995198183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1238530016 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 691601313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 691601313 originConf 1238530016
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114913149 that extends conf 691601313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501771555 that extends conf 1114913149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732041646 that extends conf 691601313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2016792423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 941674245
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 941674245 originConf 2016792423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311777667 that extends conf 941674245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605079833 that extends conf 1311777667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811997750 that extends conf 941674245 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 490180521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1361444389
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1361444389 originConf 490180521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116861231 that extends conf 1361444389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694087966 that extends conf 116861231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336854046 that extends conf 1361444389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 339830169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75503140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 75503140 originConf 339830169
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071138396 that extends conf 75503140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190328062 that extends conf 1071138396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024367121 that extends conf 75503140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1518643218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1989625129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1989625129 originConf 1518643218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109027461 that extends conf 1989625129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219670833 that extends conf 109027461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929777396 that extends conf 1989625129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052530862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1870986862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1870986862 originConf 2052530862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583011801 that extends conf 1870986862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014204508 that extends conf 1583011801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1329641926 that extends conf 1870986862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478098238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47963975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 47963975 originConf 478098238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573271985 that extends conf 47963975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692408162 that extends conf 573271985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374931836 that extends conf 47963975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
