msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testFencer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101184763 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1022081840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1022081840 originConf 1101184763
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752461090 that extends conf 1022081840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1530957251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767511741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 767511741 originConf 1530957251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375074687 that extends conf 767511741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 650023597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 650023597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set with conf 650023597
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 650023597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1561347421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251285265 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374646930 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872088401 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360767 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741883443 that extends conf 1872088401 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989033734 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315795813 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081269248 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13918250 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565079667 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357653585 that extends conf 13918250 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916958177 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134915053 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619241052 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677984391 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285754614 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871312485 that extends conf 1677984391 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211199210 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678962690 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1623287112 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745903324 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360533184 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951677655 that extends conf 1745903324 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396292525 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set with conf 650023597
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 650023597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959834536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680150616 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532409428 that extends conf 680150616 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160546880 that extends conf 680150616 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396851684 that extends conf 680150616 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set with conf 650023597
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 650023597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687892306
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191874608 that extends conf 687892306 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725266971 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659115590 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set with conf 650023597
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 650023597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507583873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 507583873 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047515321 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144334265 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769227988 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991094835 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906448455 that extends conf 1769227988 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110558717 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testFencer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSHAAdminMiniCluster#testFencer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
