msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1881129608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833399739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1833399739 originConf 1881129608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684430691 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430443615 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 46311107 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 159169227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 159169227 originConf 46311107
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597172321 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857936804 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2126891970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123721027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2123721027 originConf 2126891970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767660600 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905625484 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293836110 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649169701 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461483150 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151618893 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573267812 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184393211 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274181743 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967346267 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948899009 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90569653 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871563205 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611529703 that extends conf 1833399739 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632254532 that extends conf 159169227 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149566771 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 34758211 that extends conf 2123721027 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882942495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210947133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 210947133 originConf 882942495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709878749 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632233574 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765091528 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1567743678 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786486192 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451532049 that extends conf 786486192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753312403 that extends conf 210947133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020850499 that extends conf 753312403 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1557273445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1576347663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1576347663 originConf 1557273445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402235068 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69969631 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1282465764 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178532613 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153816375 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160151361 that extends conf 153816375 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507131609 that extends conf 1576347663 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426783406 that extends conf 507131609 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882942495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1315142203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1315142203 originConf 882942495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050358400 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479802788 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863712270 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456285963 that extends conf 1863712270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032788950 that extends conf 1315142203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162404535 that extends conf 2032788950 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1557273445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1078502975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1078502975 originConf 1557273445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814135639 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2127174746 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353485996 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207222228 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283095996 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353268298 that extends conf 1283095996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36204746 that extends conf 1078502975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205860893 that extends conf 36204746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515576063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 723138105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 723138105 originConf 515576063
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
