msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollisionWithLegacyBlockId
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163385254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 163385254 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 560465923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 560465923 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486348917 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1513029997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266093632 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008229299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1642308093 originConf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 673384643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1630841930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1630841930 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167693809 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 167693809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1630841930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599556802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1612853208 originConf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437983537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2107706203 originConf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285463992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 209360767 originConf 1285463992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989033734 that extends conf 209360767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450589816 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097361633 that extends conf 209360767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollisionWithLegacyBlockId
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestSequentialBlockGroupId#testTriggerBlockGroupIdCollisionWithLegacyBlockId
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
