msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDelete
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 662666707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593768538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 593768538 originConf 662666707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749486981 that extends conf 593768538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1276544608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1276544608 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910896157 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044825144 that extends conf 1910896157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612693043 that extends conf 1276544608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917277283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 917277283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701681793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078239671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2078239671 originConf 701681793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2080125222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1412656257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998882269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1998882269 originConf 1412656257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 1998882269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917935693 that extends conf 1998882269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 681158875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 305552520
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 305552520 originConf 681158875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 305552520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1538511917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 305552520 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807207655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 401891515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 401891515 originConf 1807207655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1949126165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735330400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98974893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 98974893 originConf 1735330400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1437983537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1238994373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 818785904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 818785904 originConf 1238994373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99132505 that extends conf 818785904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741883443 that extends conf 99132505 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 818785904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 444127949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024945312
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2024945312 originConf 444127949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850646717 that extends conf 1264701638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDelete
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testDelete
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
