msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 758465579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 758465579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1482344533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052399527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1052399527 originConf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734079 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665308978 that extends conf 928734079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775574071 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787083818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759915172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1759915172 originConf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385784873 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 385784873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665988980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723848804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1723848804 originConf 665988980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 1378280450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 734971558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249337777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1249337777 originConf 734971558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103234208 that extends conf 691854979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514793058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697298649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1697298649 originConf 514793058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1356054329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164757726 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220747354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424209001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 424209001 originConf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 666911607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368193098 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066575950 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[30]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
