msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[4: ErasureCodingPolicy=[Name=RS-10-4-1024k, Schema=[ECSchema=[Codec=rs, numDataUnits=10, numParityUnits=4]], CellSize=1048576, Id=5]]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1503442832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1062246384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1062246384 originConf 1503442832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069975012 that extends conf 1062246384 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1776262934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 399707692
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 399707692 originConf 1776262934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776704106 that extends conf 399707692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622341895 that extends conf 1776704106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725562914 that extends conf 399707692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3074830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837215349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1837215349 originConf 3074830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80037455 that extends conf 1837215349 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704699369 that extends conf 80037455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23058580 that extends conf 1837215349 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215487131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1334679359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1334679359 originConf 215487131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842538099 that extends conf 1334679359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231333142 that extends conf 1842538099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758194014 that extends conf 1334679359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 829338371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1815627992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1815627992 originConf 829338371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057574185 that extends conf 1815627992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330290432 that extends conf 1057574185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340012292 that extends conf 1815627992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 574241672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1607342273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1607342273 originConf 574241672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746663939 that extends conf 1607342273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185450574 that extends conf 746663939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156887349 that extends conf 1607342273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1840771617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1948861668
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1948861668 originConf 1840771617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479243157 that extends conf 1948861668 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091116896 that extends conf 1479243157 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 349641931 that extends conf 1948861668 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99732990 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 756769836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 756769836 originConf 99732990
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564983960 that extends conf 756769836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391964555 that extends conf 1564983960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551938315 that extends conf 756769836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619691623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 972785129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 972785129 originConf 619691623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188954836 that extends conf 972785129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767291818 that extends conf 188954836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086815747 that extends conf 972785129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690138021 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494431516
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 494431516 originConf 690138021
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101888188 that extends conf 494431516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388640147 that extends conf 1101888188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935355016 that extends conf 494431516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997482903 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372472057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1372472057 originConf 997482903
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259332037 that extends conf 1372472057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428770722 that extends conf 1259332037 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715469 that extends conf 1372472057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020815091 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 676417410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 676417410 originConf 2020815091
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020561619 that extends conf 676417410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300379521 that extends conf 2020561619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472006091 that extends conf 676417410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1802179144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 938626900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 938626900 originConf 1802179144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244750379 that extends conf 938626900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708515324 that extends conf 1244750379 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708275914 that extends conf 938626900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861564970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 289043213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 289043213 originConf 861564970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 306311686 that extends conf 289043213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093900909 that extends conf 306311686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23334813 that extends conf 289043213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1177255971 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106271029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1106271029 originConf 1177255971
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493741527 that extends conf 1106271029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870972582 that extends conf 1493741527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1761939329 that extends conf 1106271029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2126332147 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1737039536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSck.1 uniqueConf 1737039536 originConf 2126332147
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[4: ErasureCodingPolicy=[Name=RS-10-4-1024k, Schema=[ECSchema=[Codec=rs, numDataUnits=10, numParityUnits=4]], CellSize=1048576, Id=5]]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockInfoStriped#testGetBlockInfo[4: ErasureCodingPolicy=[Name=RS-10-4-1024k, Schema=[ECSchema=[Codec=rs, numDataUnits=10, numParityUnits=4]], CellSize=1048576, Id=5]]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
