msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversLessThanDefault
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506938939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1506938939 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1415439780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936906727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699221219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 699221219 originConf 936906727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 512256603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1198817209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1198817209 originConf 512256603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1616438581 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404834600 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280443567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004655561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2004655561 originConf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998283025 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 998283025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653337757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 653337757 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685134322 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063009760 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2107706203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1112940474 originConf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124731287 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706604026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 706604026 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 706604026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003305136 that extends conf 2092066079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1900307803 that extends conf 706604026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversLessThanDefault
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testAcquireWithMaxConcurrentMoversLessThanDefault
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
