msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2013640370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 958438604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 958438604 originConf 2013640370
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908339351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 875243669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 875243669 originConf 1908339351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236911782 that extends conf 875243669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 875243669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1964350245
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1964350245 originConf 875243669
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1891586491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1105951767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1105951767 originConf 1891586491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675202085 that extends conf 1105951767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346549304 that extends conf 675202085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555693310 that extends conf 1105951767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 979654212 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 811438025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 811438025 originConf 979654212
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288864201 that extends conf 811438025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254852040 that extends conf 1288864201 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271606844 that extends conf 811438025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 134703060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 28449156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 28449156 originConf 134703060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521568602 that extends conf 28449156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203433977 that extends conf 1521568602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459950046 that extends conf 28449156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814254403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 575910124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 575910124 originConf 1814254403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495522062 that extends conf 575910124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1892337050 that extends conf 1495522062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381425914 that extends conf 575910124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622549558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946500574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 946500574 originConf 1622549558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731460724 that extends conf 946500574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593768194 that extends conf 1731460724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999767628 that extends conf 946500574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052579692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1905346362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1905346362 originConf 2052579692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 714712195 that extends conf 1905346362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491061138 that extends conf 714712195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095425741 that extends conf 1905346362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1160467878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2006369410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2006369410 originConf 1160467878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740989761 that extends conf 2006369410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722851667 that extends conf 1740989761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21948822 that extends conf 2006369410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607330627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60218924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 60218924 originConf 607330627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054464221 that extends conf 60218924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863306561 that extends conf 1054464221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697568138 that extends conf 60218924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1940333351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1696762733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1696762733 originConf 1940333351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92927350 that extends conf 1696762733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861865478 that extends conf 92927350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582396838 that extends conf 1696762733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1785835700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 75996633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 75996633 originConf 1785835700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795824560 that extends conf 75996633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699580002 that extends conf 1795824560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920110038 that extends conf 75996633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471868639 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1941199274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1941199274 originConf 1471868639
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.sps.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithStripedFile#testWhenNoTargetDatanodeToSatisfyStoragePolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
