msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392886653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917277283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 917277283 originConf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1969347346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1470420462 originConf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404834600 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090695601 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957282992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274100821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 274100821 originConf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358019805 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063009760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2074492901 originConf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1691629865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467401150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 467401150 originConf 1691629865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622263400 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495857386 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828610686 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988179589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 988179589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 140428850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727036582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 727036582 originConf 140428850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284260220 that extends conf 727036582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070751228 that extends conf 284260220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697347219 that extends conf 727036582 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
