msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52913970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 52913970 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 2116299597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1500379239 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933129092 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755328698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 486348917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 486348917 originConf 755328698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612716569 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107404311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1723278948 originConf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneParityBlock1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
