msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188791662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 188791662 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681094402 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198817209 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2012095985 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809520570 that extends conf 2012095985 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489946715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 979532928
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 979532928 originConf 1489946715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835426017 that extends conf 979532928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929482343 that extends conf 835426017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 979532928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472759652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1635358020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1635358020 originConf 1472759652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139801481 that extends conf 1635358020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 1139801481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 1635358020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904676263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734343965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1734343965 originConf 1904676263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73608444 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060037930 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706915627 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1245439653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726107869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 726107869 originConf 1245439653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 726107869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 770950500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 726107869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1227903899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 627709989
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 627709989 originConf 1227903899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154172430 that extends conf 627709989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761229698 that extends conf 1154172430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700631078 that extends conf 627709989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1929476736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882962176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 882962176 originConf 1929476736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232886115 that extends conf 882962176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486954672 that extends conf 232886115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592088871 that extends conf 882962176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618696025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 895705623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 895705623 originConf 618696025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009591182 that extends conf 895705623 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1403815002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1343835789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1343835789 originConf 1403815002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041611826 that extends conf 1343835789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827099978 that extends conf 2041611826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769128714 that extends conf 1343835789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1643838324 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 34757331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 34757331 originConf 1643838324
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250816994 that extends conf 34757331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146799499 that extends conf 1250816994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124288521 that extends conf 34757331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 694329275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905650857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 905650857 originConf 694329275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049090498 that extends conf 905650857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124448375 that extends conf 2049090498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737085888 that extends conf 905650857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2088098699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491623023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1491623023 originConf 2088098699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292167944 that extends conf 1491623023 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963768574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1058921154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1058921154 originConf 963768574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434367299 that extends conf 1058921154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269819701 that extends conf 1434367299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817944369 that extends conf 1058921154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419792179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 229329107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 229329107 originConf 419792179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995986600 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576261694 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2128859746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142450580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 2142450580 originConf 2128859746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957338226 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101740901 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881585646 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant_3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
