msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRetryCacheOnStandbyNN
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1007660652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1007660652 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541046463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4073506 that extends conf 1541046463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878991463 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354280589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526062841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1989332276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1989332276 originConf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1989332276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780399359 that extends conf 740827140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671816300 that extends conf 1989332276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957282992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274100821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 274100821 originConf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358019805 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1721576219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80191608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 80191608 originConf 1721576219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1103505488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 639105046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173259631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 173259631 originConf 639105046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 1699443392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467401150 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 495051009 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628610760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 628610760 originConf 495051009
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 628610760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982876486 that extends conf 1285463992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961983234 that extends conf 628610760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 444127949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024945312
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2024945312 originConf 444127949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850646717 that extends conf 1264701638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRetryCacheOnStandbyNN
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRetryCacheOnStandbyNN
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
