msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 259319861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 259319861 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1752535057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650332494 that extends conf 259319861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 127356954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 818093527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 818093527 originConf 127356954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539088279 that extends conf 818093527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1424788681 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 247644034
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 247644034 originConf 1424788681
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 247644034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481751887 that extends conf 247644034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 85357160
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 85357160 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760401098 that extends conf 85357160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 85357160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121891386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 1121891386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637601612 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780399359 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132369181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178603358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3886839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 3886839 originConf 178603358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542856295 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552179791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1911168986 originConf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154941313 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 14633842 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1053744929 originConf 14633842
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1053744929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1691629865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467401150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 467401150 originConf 1691629865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622263400 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495857386 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 467401150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688770224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1174714624 originConf 1688770224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352378889 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546217718 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871312485 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1596653154 originConf 1871312485
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120670624 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneParityBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
