msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1258372214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333392524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 333392524 originConf 1258372214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36550900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 492252770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 492252770 originConf 36550900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 492252770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 492252770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028811481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 3886839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 3886839 originConf 1028811481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653337757 that extends conf 364480205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 3886839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1073878937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 731610911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 731610911 originConf 1073878937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 731610911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933646237 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350720002 that extends conf 731610911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
