msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPreadWithDNFailure
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 51422253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1537164547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1537164547 originConf 51422253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944170286 that extends conf 1537164547 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1732905928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714454789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1714454789 originConf 1732905928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255083953 that extends conf 1714454789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042437409 that extends conf 255083953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022272864 that extends conf 1714454789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1927751242 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518943765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1518943765 originConf 1927751242
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879320687 that extends conf 1518943765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401510158 that extends conf 879320687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82496717 that extends conf 1518943765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 410304188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1352738997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1352738997 originConf 410304188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31002872 that extends conf 1352738997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020187790 that extends conf 31002872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343250264 that extends conf 1352738997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872971214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137193386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 137193386 originConf 1872971214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621594599 that extends conf 137193386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021540215 that extends conf 621594599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429827651 that extends conf 137193386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903874960 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133121704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 133121704 originConf 903874960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500064531 that extends conf 133121704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141815715 that extends conf 1500064531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836591790 that extends conf 133121704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 130923024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208524616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 208524616 originConf 130923024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023719517 that extends conf 208524616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412499213 that extends conf 2023719517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393457941 that extends conf 208524616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 282362064 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527508524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 527508524 originConf 282362064
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709414680 that extends conf 527508524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576696396 that extends conf 1709414680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067954080 that extends conf 527508524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 154611993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 664128232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 664128232 originConf 154611993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527220802 that extends conf 664128232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639848024 that extends conf 1527220802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226976561 that extends conf 664128232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1988210958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457708836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1457708836 originConf 1988210958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685854588 that extends conf 1457708836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404716207 that extends conf 685854588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720112255 that extends conf 1457708836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 170089783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 348003225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 348003225 originConf 170089783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1782164622 that extends conf 348003225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234554408 that extends conf 1782164622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637638376 that extends conf 348003225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1063896697 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670700840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 670700840 originConf 1063896697
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860583943 that extends conf 670700840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100063715 that extends conf 1860583943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895170810 that extends conf 670700840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 843733185 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 526885029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 526885029 originConf 843733185
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728862030 that extends conf 526885029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740781855 that extends conf 1728862030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410833418 that extends conf 526885029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1626574838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 56937551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 56937551 originConf 1626574838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793051164 that extends conf 56937551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773934092 that extends conf 1793051164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103751743 that extends conf 56937551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 833060627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 714087277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 714087277 originConf 833060627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863367333 that extends conf 714087277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373065338 that extends conf 1863367333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664642926 that extends conf 714087277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPreadWithDNFailure
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testPreadWithDNFailure
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
