msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 864248990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 864248990 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832283291 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1832283291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 864248990 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389779746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1086323658 originConf 389779746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911138454 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1028472807 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816468636 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701166114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1774468680 originConf 701166114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3392189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1628289406 originConf 3392189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 1628289406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2028036437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203472514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 203472514 originConf 2028036437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 203472514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 1028811481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 203472514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1055104416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1055104416 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 1055104416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 1830969563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 1055104416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 22040992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653515020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 653515020 originConf 22040992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 143295000 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 37400149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 37400149 originConf 143295000
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405055124 that extends conf 37400149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 37400149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
