msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523855802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2018097551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2018097551 originConf 1523855802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11942005 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003459993 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933322003 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2133188004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2133188004 originConf 933322003
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091681390 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224906312 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593784303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114522909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2114522909 originConf 593784303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633237304 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506124859 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842792310 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913712064 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040782402 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736846597 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246720917 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495579103 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98082313 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1535306816 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093166869 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72724921 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561158772 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318217118 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246274761 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113618073 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134369841 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285368133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1233021448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1233021448 originConf 285368133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 606183174 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099025830 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602161269 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970189396 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603665219 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531021329 that extends conf 603665219 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448271073 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17094458 that extends conf 1448271073 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983385975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450488407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 450488407 originConf 983385975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094428595 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556614514 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616392254 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724689605 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141463817 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164874693 that extends conf 2141463817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38267214 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309695968 that extends conf 38267214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285368133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068709850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2068709850 originConf 285368133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396907441 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817820539 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114474206 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834397388 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618965505 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972276919 that extends conf 1618965505 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238945013 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500089366 that extends conf 238945013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983385975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1138225538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1138225538 originConf 983385975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177597583 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146197104 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319643818 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501303000 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251824314 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179240798 that extends conf 251824314 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85992644 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655461566 that extends conf 85992644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745032194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1310961642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1310961642 originConf 1745032194
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
