msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferToVerySmallWrite
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1104443373 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104443373 originConf 1104443373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 1104443373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 36531985 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 36531985 originConf 36531985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1778594975 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1778594975 originConf 1778594975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064450343 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 345485296 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 345485296 originConf 345485296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759274662 that extends conf 345485296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2059939118 that extends conf 1759274662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33115156 that extends conf 345485296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480577821 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112687376 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279197368 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077070003 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966719350 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592722862 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774777284 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089941570 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796420912 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367264477 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36719416 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826133916 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557813632 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583801114 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54554554 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227839009 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333223133 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18871941 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530807952 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404319107 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689762698 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985371668 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1375523556 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980478663 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737581120 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843659089 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855454221 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138632580 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723392023 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710625719 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812400695 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884660938 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406745490 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145474024 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340627107 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622147012 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855856282 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000690075 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607151438 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171193836 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 230582502 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925053292 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741452622 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777407337 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884862730 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013254848 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081392708 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490984963 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980713795 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238213048 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954717419 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005271688 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104123303 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804202837 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606222640 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057874886 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468536971 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386094751 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563239509 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534489432 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603319526 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723863202 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574832479 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176827313 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585852201 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356439057 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36591718 that extends conf 1778594975 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferToVerySmallWrite
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferToVerySmallWrite
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
