msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1574615832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1662592920 originConf 1574615832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749981943 that extends conf 1662592920 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079125839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1189651769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1189651769 originConf 1079125839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841166421 that extends conf 1360541835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207988207 that extends conf 1189651769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 439925336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 439925336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalgetStoragePolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalgetStoragePolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalgetStoragePolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
