msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testCleanDstReference
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366873404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1947896119
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1947896119 originConf 366873404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176164144 that extends conf 1947896119 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 865858182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1829460911 originConf 865858182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902801188 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064883371 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472234151 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 619985571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 619985571 originConf 472234151
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 619985571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076855029 that extends conf 1340057206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 619985571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622820646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577245010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 577245010 originConf 622820646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 628487793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761973299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1312348533 originConf 761973299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529002352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 832066800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 832066800 originConf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516934601 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604602011 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 832066800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103234208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 524566446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 524566446 originConf 1103234208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 524566446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1188623367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2060037930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2060037930 originConf 1188623367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071674587 that extends conf 2060037930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1572820532 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 806738808
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 806738808 originConf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70555476 that extends conf 2140846441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538745405 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1473143631 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1754451055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1754451055 originConf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624355359 that extends conf 1754451055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4015102 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542839598 that extends conf 1754451055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 727018418 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525527919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 525527919 originConf 727018418
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703232177 that extends conf 525527919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753162875 that extends conf 703232177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233343686 that extends conf 525527919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testCleanDstReference
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testCleanDstReference
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
