msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testAppend
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1017792343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507061061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 507061061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300811000 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 300811000
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1986581856 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659435106 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1061018585 originConf 1659435106
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930317866 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2057077925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 2057077925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44278425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7395550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 7395550 originConf 44278425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 332244937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testAppend
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testAppend
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
