msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForEmptyDirectory
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096787559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1190416341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1190416341 originConf 1096787559
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735589347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1729109193 originConf 1735589347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405660449 that extends conf 1729109193 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1729109193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331243651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1331243651 originConf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1131894646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1801633454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1801633454 originConf 1131894646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995917634 that extends conf 1801633454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503668008 that extends conf 1995917634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246146914 that extends conf 1801633454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1525376552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405362390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405362390 originConf 1525376552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112787855 that extends conf 405362390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997093683 that extends conf 112787855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842408967 that extends conf 405362390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 613850376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1610220111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1610220111 originConf 613850376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134309800 that extends conf 1610220111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635093137 that extends conf 134309800 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166806219 that extends conf 1610220111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1940685675
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1940685675 originConf 1121454968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForEmptyDirectory
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSForEmptyDirectory
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
