msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1708169732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658404420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 658404420 originConf 1708169732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871790326 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367672657 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021565761 that extends conf 1367672657 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692375649 that extends conf 1367672657 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2002790740 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742255664
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 742255664 originConf 2002790740
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705665942 that extends conf 742255664 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 742255664 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198098993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854653864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 854653864 originConf 198098993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042891691 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893563925 that extends conf 1042891691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251967187 that extends conf 1042891691 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 747870628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 130166095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 130166095 originConf 747870628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907815246 that extends conf 130166095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 907815246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877986974 that extends conf 130166095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101059201 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178182727 that extends conf 1101059201 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218708178 that extends conf 1101059201 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
