msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1947896119 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440621772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1440621772 originConf 1947896119
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1440621772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2145420209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1215029765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1215029765 originConf 2145420209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254918854 that extends conf 1215029765 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 22668134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3886839 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777043124 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773336805 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622863652 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1147394515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1147394515 originConf 1622863652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168468389 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 168468389 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715686600 that extends conf 1147394515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1838250251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1871678080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1871678080 originConf 1838250251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232726781 that extends conf 763677574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 749072877 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1047873000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1047873000 originConf 749072877
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807053698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823343982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 823343982 originConf 807053698
msx-rc 0
