msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsJMX
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933446001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 162639869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 162639869 originConf 933446001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461255222 that extends conf 162639869 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2099948777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 423459581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 423459581 originConf 2099948777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332076563 that extends conf 423459581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854721598 that extends conf 1332076563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258634769 that extends conf 423459581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746278237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 251073966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 251073966 originConf 1746278237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482525610 that extends conf 251073966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718172837 that extends conf 1482525610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053687990 that extends conf 251073966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477715603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2050588685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2050588685 originConf 477715603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613012717 that extends conf 2050588685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133496779 that extends conf 1613012717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457503823 that extends conf 2050588685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593185205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052047560
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1052047560 originConf 593185205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139434081 that extends conf 1052047560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809357725 that extends conf 2139434081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581125977 that extends conf 1052047560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137133471 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1134241262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1134241262 originConf 1137133471
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089652443 that extends conf 1134241262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167217422 that extends conf 1089652443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907047423 that extends conf 1134241262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1651156970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962935523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1962935523 originConf 1651156970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420309084 that extends conf 1962935523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20527546 that extends conf 1420309084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432958512 that extends conf 1962935523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsJMX
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockStatsMXBean#testStorageTypeStatsJMX
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
