msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testUpgradeAndRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 252615006 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163385254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 163385254 originConf 252615006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 854653864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 163385254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1911138454 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919125229 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1919125229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1816468636 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540092563 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824570614 that extends conf 540092563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 428798670 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2053349061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2053349061 originConf 428798670
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 2053349061 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058174333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1225970981 originConf 2058174333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523034648 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 1523034648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679002380 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1774795940 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1586779822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1586779822 originConf 1774795940
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 1586779822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 1904676263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 1586779822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 498820363 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2071674587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2071674587 originConf 498820363
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663277822 that extends conf 2071674587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256350655 that extends conf 663277822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453007883 that extends conf 2071674587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1048444228 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036360618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2036360618 originConf 1048444228
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053856141 that extends conf 2036360618 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846568576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851033362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 851033362 originConf 1846568576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929661663 that extends conf 851033362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630122462 that extends conf 1929661663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875108260 that extends conf 851033362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842173497 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539995236
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1539995236 originConf 1842173497
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558460059 that extends conf 1539995236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 1558460059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 1539995236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794949943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118969241
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1118969241 originConf 794949943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828535871 that extends conf 1118969241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975905570 that extends conf 828535871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357153703 that extends conf 1118969241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2092066079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1656318404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1656318404 originConf 2092066079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573800 that extends conf 1656318404 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 143251944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095573052
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2095573052 originConf 143251944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174737066 that extends conf 2095573052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096268257 that extends conf 1174737066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595663369 that extends conf 2095573052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1865982601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1856643544 originConf 1865982601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313149846 that extends conf 1856643544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261257916 that extends conf 313149846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049090498 that extends conf 1856643544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7646139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1102097996
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1102097996 originConf 7646139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 1102097996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196404281 that extends conf 801284613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970900227 that extends conf 1102097996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2092066079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 939625314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 939625314 originConf 2092066079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952288009 that extends conf 939625314 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testUpgradeAndRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testUpgradeAndRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
