msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666452347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163514547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 163514547 originConf 666452347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060491709 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46927869 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128345909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913054584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1913054584 originConf 1128345909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106776433 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573452046 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 427338275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 65151115
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 65151115 originConf 427338275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600078155 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1524548146 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619269325 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47375660 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114914616 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17272190 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991853943 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481829403 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471940237 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727392294 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326558878 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590318065 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724358850 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109732753 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047617015 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937249878 that extends conf 65151115 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557999551 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1851280626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427663741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1427663741 originConf 1851280626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058882142 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229629987 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091347746 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455517522 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634941642 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013017243 that extends conf 1634941642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395929652 that extends conf 1427663741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538701294 that extends conf 395929652 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653744219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 816717018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 816717018 originConf 653744219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321171371 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153788356 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755765743 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236821539 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110542061 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176944311 that extends conf 1110542061 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006985065 that extends conf 816717018 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26544526 that extends conf 1006985065 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1851280626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2044075970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2044075970 originConf 1851280626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826382050 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450544600 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570723331 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777073302 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115767067 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688303099 that extends conf 1115767067 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673511921 that extends conf 2044075970 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785847918 that extends conf 673511921 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653744219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 167230642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 167230642 originConf 653744219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186649168 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688735859 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516916756 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974713354 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642062198 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627067447 that extends conf 1642062198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079510524 that extends conf 167230642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038365975 that extends conf 1079510524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 262071072 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1505857231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1505857231 originConf 262071072
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
