msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testMaxConcurrentMoversReconfiguration
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1190566357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1190566357 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 1190566357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091234211 that extends conf 73698537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 1190566357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238874235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1526305386 originConf 238874235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1848886161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557725225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 557725225 originConf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1043317832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 348148678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1944138464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1944138464 originConf 348148678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594195094 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604616170 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1896558831 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404036116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 404036116 originConf 1896558831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14633842 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933077874 that extends conf 14633842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testMaxConcurrentMoversReconfiguration
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeReconfiguration#testMaxConcurrentMoversReconfiguration
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
