msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testFullBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1506938939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1506938939 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1415439780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1506938939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936906727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699221219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 699221219 originConf 936906727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948395645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925568390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 925568390 originConf 948395645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1986581856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506775047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 506775047 originConf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 498134055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061018585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907467420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1907467420 originConf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115087165 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405055124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795590320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 795590320 originConf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861522296 that extends conf 468776694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112940474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 298724898
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 298724898 originConf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 298724898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497479191 that extends conf 353206468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 298724898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testFullBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeErasureCodingMetrics#testFullBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
