msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsRequiredConfigs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881901842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1881901842 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1881901842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 652176954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 652176954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170949260 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2029754983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1758893871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1758893871 originConf 2029754983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438151297 that extends conf 1758893871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754527431 that extends conf 438151297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042891691 that extends conf 1758893871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1195064186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 322830747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 322830747 originConf 1195064186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365790282 that extends conf 322830747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 322830747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478334108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1481751887 originConf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1481751887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585711807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1532756055 originConf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1101721002 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838627755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 838627755 originConf 1101721002
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 614635686 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704535540 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1800959603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1175154004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1175154004 originConf 1800959603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214768579 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340634558 that extends conf 214768579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835426017 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsRequiredConfigs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsRequiredConfigs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
