msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475603167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371495133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1371495133 originConf 475603167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45822040 that extends conf 1371495133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1526062841 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594195094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 594195094 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494414526 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731368479 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173059685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 173059685 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012095985 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142302025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 892611887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 892611887 originConf 142302025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837946527 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515036017 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 430983166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293667566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 293667566 originConf 430983166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816302479 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208513211 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568159144
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1568159144 originConf 208513211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909786389 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 635068762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2142450580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 2142450580 originConf 635068762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101740901 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525241607 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911857585 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756726852 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906128360 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078974208 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654929197 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768972160 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745035583 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131991429 that extends conf 892611887 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631538004 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263078357 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763712156 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032333840 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35320956 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681843280 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1282509164 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413032124 that extends conf 293667566 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33042277 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1136994834 that extends conf 1568159144 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767445039 that extends conf 2142450580 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
