msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStreamFlush
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 558474649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 491184960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 491184960 originConf 558474649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006308161 that extends conf 491184960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 777047821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1940530689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1940530689 originConf 777047821
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848013468 that extends conf 1940530689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775323460 that extends conf 848013468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501633664 that extends conf 1940530689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71964867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1261079611
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1261079611 originConf 71964867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204256111 that extends conf 1261079611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017328472 that extends conf 204256111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865642844 that extends conf 1261079611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1169749966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1694467988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1694467988 originConf 1169749966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955896648 that extends conf 1694467988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337265472 that extends conf 955896648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698301338 that extends conf 1694467988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 890213326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213120753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 213120753 originConf 890213326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186595960 that extends conf 213120753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467239038 that extends conf 186595960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563111417 that extends conf 213120753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37023362 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1717034868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1717034868 originConf 37023362
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946334625 that extends conf 1717034868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026997068 that extends conf 1946334625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022889297 that extends conf 1717034868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1469276063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1914208995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1914208995 originConf 1469276063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19969483 that extends conf 1914208995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256765494 that extends conf 19969483 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388111215 that extends conf 1914208995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371722679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1345631002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1345631002 originConf 371722679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409185118 that extends conf 1345631002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265017070 that extends conf 1409185118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507849929 that extends conf 1345631002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 290493727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 852802690
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 852802690 originConf 290493727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445706835 that extends conf 852802690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472994404 that extends conf 1445706835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70885696 that extends conf 852802690 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 582547529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 456435767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 456435767 originConf 582547529
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101553278 that extends conf 456435767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956878257 that extends conf 1101553278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083208321 that extends conf 456435767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 390917178 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 100080793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 100080793 originConf 390917178
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204488581 that extends conf 100080793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798826309 that extends conf 1204488581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774525872 that extends conf 100080793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1559148405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 731430016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 731430016 originConf 1559148405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102465875 that extends conf 731430016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506592379 that extends conf 1102465875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688373640 that extends conf 731430016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 152851536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 627024999
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 627024999 originConf 152851536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845414555 that extends conf 627024999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813410486 that extends conf 1845414555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254376070 that extends conf 627024999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1374188346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1493437580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1493437580 originConf 1374188346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339490650 that extends conf 1493437580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985423328 that extends conf 1339490650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850152599 that extends conf 1493437580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 812689876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44053252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 44053252 originConf 812689876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521610525 that extends conf 44053252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1583744525 that extends conf 521610525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123239264 that extends conf 44053252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416087340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699896849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 699896849 originConf 1416087340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120547975 that extends conf 699896849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237504012 that extends conf 2120547975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103886943 that extends conf 699896849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 90318907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1236614670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1236614670 originConf 90318907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 299886750 that extends conf 1236614670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62300381 that extends conf 299886750 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624503955 that extends conf 1236614670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStreamFlush
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testStreamFlush
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
