msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668808506 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 606049583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 606049583 originConf 1668808506
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445734304 that extends conf 606049583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045249537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 858791747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 858791747 originConf 2045249537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338594277 that extends conf 858791747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683594082 that extends conf 1338594277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256153911 that extends conf 858791747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465307905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 441492180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 441492180 originConf 465307905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664475584 that extends conf 441492180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145513472 that extends conf 1664475584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200587804 that extends conf 441492180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358782931 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 952070971
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 952070971 originConf 1358782931
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411582100 that extends conf 952070971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726889274 that extends conf 1411582100 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840455010 that extends conf 952070971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1611159847 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990986875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 990986875 originConf 1611159847
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125687431 that extends conf 990986875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112535487 that extends conf 125687431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30949554 that extends conf 990986875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822545622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1963988359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1963988359 originConf 822545622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2048670551 that extends conf 1963988359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131756225 that extends conf 2048670551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 921921430 that extends conf 1963988359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 506047331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1439097647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1439097647 originConf 506047331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88571457 that extends conf 1439097647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595158983 that extends conf 88571457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520671106 that extends conf 1439097647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 498147669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1396703158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1396703158 originConf 498147669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612157663 that extends conf 1396703158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16953652 that extends conf 612157663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1782328365 that extends conf 1396703158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2046649871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 896506446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 896506446 originConf 2046649871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133661233 that extends conf 896506446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906858211 that extends conf 2133661233 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774271051 that extends conf 896506446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962169042 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 190298217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 190298217 originConf 1962169042
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164544568 that extends conf 190298217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269470376 that extends conf 164544568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000739511 that extends conf 190298217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1602584935 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1037732461
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1037732461 originConf 1602584935
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584416004 that extends conf 1037732461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617704325 that extends conf 1584416004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741136760 that extends conf 1037732461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836131299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1464940173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1464940173 originConf 1836131299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064018164 that extends conf 1464940173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601077447 that extends conf 2064018164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913966054 that extends conf 1464940173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
