msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763677574 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1707901480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1471800355 originConf 1707901480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098737173 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841483227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982634822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 982634822 originConf 841483227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 604602011 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1449987177 originConf 604602011
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249337777 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315081042 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 90380642 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 775423528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 775423528 originConf 90380642
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373646877 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1373646877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485624601 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471019696 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1881419576 originConf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424209001 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916720513 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661803311 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745512157 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
