msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 1902455960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538462491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538849250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1538849250 originConf 1538462491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730182538 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378559537 that extends conf 1730182538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 1538849250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 471004142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1787083818 originConf 471004142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220524164 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906549136 that extends conf 1220524164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1566099239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844942991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1844942991 originConf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991386317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312565954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 312565954 originConf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110785285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1499825229 originConf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442465916 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356476647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2007138812 originConf 356476647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 726416425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 425107133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209845522
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 209845522 originConf 425107133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 1205321651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 209845522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424226973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706915627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 706915627 originConf 424226973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036360618 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049837144 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74606989 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
