msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1268790303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 396415186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 396415186 originConf 1268790303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858882690 that extends conf 396415186 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 353040539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 362784159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 362784159 originConf 353040539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310829752 that extends conf 362784159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007756336 that extends conf 310829752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060600890 that extends conf 362784159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 422516343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 531651861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 531651861 originConf 422516343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222624401 that extends conf 531651861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719268243 that extends conf 1222624401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878518263 that extends conf 531651861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1063668488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831141069
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1831141069 originConf 1063668488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531022614 that extends conf 1831141069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298915896 that extends conf 1531022614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82515223 that extends conf 1831141069 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 972329357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1044476907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1044476907 originConf 972329357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079940732 that extends conf 1044476907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409041024 that extends conf 2079940732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594464848 that extends conf 1044476907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1696200784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107552900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2107552900 originConf 1696200784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822446449 that extends conf 2107552900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968415075 that extends conf 1822446449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175941015 that extends conf 2107552900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 554088333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790629566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1790629566 originConf 554088333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773511212 that extends conf 1790629566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845421070 that extends conf 1773511212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085013377 that extends conf 1790629566 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 70771146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996998606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 996998606 originConf 70771146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984221070 that extends conf 996998606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078991344 that extends conf 1984221070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642375228 that extends conf 996998606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2674379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1055425203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1055425203 originConf 2674379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084342788 that extends conf 1055425203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935865554 that extends conf 1084342788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350185227 that extends conf 1055425203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 522026706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 790843534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 790843534 originConf 522026706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530924459 that extends conf 790843534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586968999 that extends conf 530924459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938891646 that extends conf 790843534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613397742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 363487702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 363487702 originConf 1613397742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272782156 that extends conf 363487702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284934512 that extends conf 1272782156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490640690 that extends conf 363487702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810915591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 674668816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 674668816 originConf 810915591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250881453 that extends conf 674668816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348850033 that extends conf 1250881453 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197723317 that extends conf 674668816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileMoreThanOneStripe2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
