msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791267914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1437129801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1437129801 originConf 1791267914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 1437129801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141015648 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1437129801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933646237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1580874189 originConf 933646237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494414526 that extends conf 1580874189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731368479 that extends conf 1580874189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223303171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1585711807 originConf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471800355 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945064729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 945064729 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287455719 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 945064729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423507882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 680319659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 680319659 originConf 1423507882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287859212 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992903421 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203761034 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473112439 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301497323 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987574379 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652108108 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1973072231 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784912772 that extends conf 680319659 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790635222 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803055 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812659002 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 326172315 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405742436 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084122983 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947135510 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090303018 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
