msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814377348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1689458432 originConf 814377348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517758613 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539038539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1769598893 originConf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687399269 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821342630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 821342630 originConf 687399269
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364480205 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057077925 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015122628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811787796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1811787796 originConf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2011695710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913806791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 43856716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 43856716 originConf 913806791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699486292 that extends conf 896134613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709700394 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1933077874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1664200224
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1664200224 originConf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695877667 that extends conf 1664200224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680509508 that extends conf 695877667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900333088 that extends conf 1664200224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
