msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 614635686 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704535540 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 603401608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577682023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 577682023 originConf 603401608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778028150 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920321355 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486881198 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875807012 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325535094 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394044563 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060446733 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249812899 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433681445 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1362005830 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007378555 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726258070 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 606772665 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383431293 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514375029 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671981132 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626466602 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582147127 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851857833 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103493350 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431708172 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152997020 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852265354 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446118520 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 607925853 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650798397 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053534804 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202040039 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565295846 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279294821 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538509563 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404573910 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493503830 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609136915 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
