msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102103410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 102103410 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710783020 that extends conf 102103410 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824570614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1369468094 originConf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 622820646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478182173 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1760401098 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689458432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1710191146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1710191146 originConf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1699265405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103666479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027133545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2027133545 originConf 1103666479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921553024 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1921553024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157199772 that extends conf 2027133545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988179589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1515116175 originConf 988179589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269458366 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 269458366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625939772 that extends conf 1515116175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285754614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 969811954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 969811954 originConf 285754614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396292525 that extends conf 969811954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507583873 that extends conf 1396292525 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814245389 that extends conf 969811954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAnyBlocks1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
