msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testReadEventsWithTimeout
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 894890353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 190035037
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 190035037 originConf 894890353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502607536 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68977314 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 663317575 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240544886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1240544886 originConf 663317575
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468714256 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759942580 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118901798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 515269363
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 515269363 originConf 1118901798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357343111 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233459956 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755586288 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865513348 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85674883 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757509755 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17272190 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991853943 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127352559 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432710677 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058927431 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871563205 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666030621 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171198104 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565511765 that extends conf 1240544886 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837788676 that extends conf 515269363 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036464406 that extends conf 190035037 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110606244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 615932202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 615932202 originConf 1110606244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534167977 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948966521 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413348786 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802141517 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663008523 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399053717 that extends conf 663008523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701654864 that extends conf 615932202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993903172 that extends conf 701654864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478670376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752789480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1752789480 originConf 478670376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303331851 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136278079 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795060791 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476214178 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864776937 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061448231 that extends conf 1864776937 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73420194 that extends conf 1752789480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907315838 that extends conf 73420194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110606244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1872873973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1872873973 originConf 1110606244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924257275 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028303740 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787820092 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914413654 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914690221 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470029539 that extends conf 914690221 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240079907 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752907898 that extends conf 1240079907 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478670376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257931923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1257931923 originConf 478670376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872642180 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116214853 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703430775 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882973750 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541503722 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789672998 that extends conf 1541503722 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455777666 that extends conf 1257931923 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050278483 that extends conf 455777666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242645844 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298255649 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355883038 that extends conf 1872873973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testReadEventsWithTimeout
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testReadEventsWithTimeout
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
