msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyFileWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299900901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1190416341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1190416341 originConf 1299900901
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735589347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1729109193 originConf 1735589347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405660449 that extends conf 1729109193 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1729109193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331243651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1331243651 originConf 1729109193
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1131894646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 74632679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 74632679 originConf 1131894646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691028154 that extends conf 74632679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416707444 that extends conf 691028154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597295561 that extends conf 74632679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 266802088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1186999547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1186999547 originConf 266802088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132235793 that extends conf 1186999547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89356991 that extends conf 1132235793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394374893 that extends conf 1186999547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2029976166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 984965275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 984965275 originConf 2029976166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424899780 that extends conf 984965275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414469921 that extends conf 424899780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 625962612 that extends conf 984965275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 471609217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 471609217 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 180519404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 923243949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 923243949 originConf 180519404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267130207 that extends conf 923243949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349772730 that extends conf 267130207 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107180273 that extends conf 923243949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689126022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532407539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1532407539 originConf 1689126022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944132675 that extends conf 1532407539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653215695 that extends conf 1944132675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837446366 that extends conf 1532407539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 889437534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 525514113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 525514113 originConf 889437534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676514698 that extends conf 525514113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354147456 that extends conf 676514698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492453787 that extends conf 525514113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyFileWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSatisfyFileWithHdfsAdmin
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
