msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836969741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 836969741 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 1496220730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203409950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 203409950 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7548983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742672280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 742672280 originConf 7548983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424439581 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195970976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 558404860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 558404860 originConf 195970976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1531175283 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079190991 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430207342 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 8996952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 861522296
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 861522296 originConf 8996952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844579038 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790229674 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 861522296 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 50345623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761863997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 761863997 originConf 50345623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368153528 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 296234255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 121466124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 121466124 originConf 296234255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533956291 that extends conf 121466124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526720216 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024945312 that extends conf 121466124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1677984391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977522995
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 977522995 originConf 1677984391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951677655 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223975178 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161113555 that extends conf 977522995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
