msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1173504361 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1869177530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125865913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1827212229 originConf 125865913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922992444 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959055079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466577384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 466577384 originConf 959055079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694519286 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832066800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 832066800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449987177 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379115456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949672824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1949672824 originConf 379115456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104842259 that extends conf 1231036290 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 1949672824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989520513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1550080835
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1550080835 originConf 989520513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060037930 that extends conf 1550080835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 2060037930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497538476 that extends conf 1550080835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 386201215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471019696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1471019696 originConf 386201215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220747354 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048444228 that extends conf 1471019696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1167916234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1906029492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1906029492 originConf 1167916234
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145882513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066949254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1066949254 originConf 1145882513
msx-rc 0
