msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 979550238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558395480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1558395480 originConf 979550238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325866488 that extends conf 1558395480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1429616542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1821100643 originConf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1821100643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73688220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 73688220 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250582716 that extends conf 73688220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 1250582716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959708563 that extends conf 73688220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984567559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1616438581 originConf 984567559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653345773 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1533672820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234223040 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameFromSlash
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameFromSlash
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalRenameFromSlash
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
