msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1939022383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195801026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 195801026 originConf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895766599 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967576586 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715782266 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389764818 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227617535 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960080480 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614836846 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570865854 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359412656 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284464167 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471940237 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121226853 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797231116 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151818805 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247849169 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242908788 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12423627 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214649627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806880779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806880779 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940370411 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987320881 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221238318 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1806880779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858423246 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806635428 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73822808 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542845410 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726616678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1726616678 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453671855 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626366910 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530444496 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734549824 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545327692 that extends conf 1052842393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1052842393 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214649627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299145277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1299145277 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1101451553 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122520959 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043374992 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882030730 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988786279 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773296871 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729734072 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037202079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 2037202079 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423752095 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555628536 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186196569 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379941968 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917161212 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697460450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882706486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 882706486 originConf 697460450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920094955 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389321423 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146331945 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1275011461 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874367787 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479802788 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418102907 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547779253 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104111806 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39364919 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620453865 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661504921 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673257628 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24289904 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612464144 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672957555 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989219205 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416097444 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 369333979 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67811496 that extends conf 369333979 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927659833 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608443125 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375431745 that extends conf 2037202079 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124427379 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874332810 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812775461 that extends conf 1299145277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
