msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1574615832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1662592920 originConf 1574615832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749981943 that extends conf 1662592920 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1079125839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727860268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 727860268 originConf 1079125839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37841489 that extends conf 1525844775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247515192 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724028528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 724028528 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61304908 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetStoragePolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetStoragePolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalSetStoragePolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
