msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1433956626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1433956626 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 708443754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577127077 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688150025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1365575811 originConf 1688150025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008547236 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894698434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 710220387
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 710220387 originConf 1894698434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846539844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7548983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 7548983 originConf 1846539844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 439925336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485475507
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 485475507 originConf 439925336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266093632 that extends conf 485475507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107404311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1723278948 originConf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033880954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1539038539 originConf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063009760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2074492901 originConf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394424498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 394424498 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
