msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704869156 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10885570 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 463215441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423586012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803768841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 803768841 originConf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161982472 that extends conf 1859928417 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915233792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749098095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 749098095 originConf 915233792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 296204898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872047468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133177937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 133177937 originConf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 734971558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249337777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1249337777 originConf 734971558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103234208 that extends conf 691854979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514793058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697298649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1697298649 originConf 514793058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1356054329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164757726 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220747354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424209001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 424209001 originConf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027006452 that extends conf 55429210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659363322 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217479224 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
