msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesShutdownImmediately
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 825249556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 16868310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 16868310 originConf 825249556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107915280 that extends conf 16868310 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1072795135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 781967569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 781967569 originConf 1072795135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695233956 that extends conf 781967569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766159490 that extends conf 695233956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315922664 that extends conf 781967569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359244541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 367848824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 367848824 originConf 1359244541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640916940 that extends conf 367848824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969721043 that extends conf 1640916940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788191485 that extends conf 367848824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 38482266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114644940
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2114644940 originConf 38482266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206586496 that extends conf 2114644940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541318658 that extends conf 206586496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1772614377 that extends conf 2114644940 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesShutdownImmediately
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesShutdownImmediately
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
