msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiffIllegalParam
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125964210 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2038105753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2038105753 originConf 1125964210
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941836856 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366803687 that extends conf 2038105753 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033917063 that extends conf 366803687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924966548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002041276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1002041276 originConf 1924966548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1237144823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399149970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990684641
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 990684641 originConf 399149970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788034018 that extends conf 990684641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031775150 that extends conf 1788034018 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 990684641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1715686600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 471004142
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 471004142 originConf 1715686600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360878852 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241758568 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409596180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261838162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 261838162 originConf 409596180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753259207 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 369333979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 35068320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 35068320 originConf 369333979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145302895 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 35068320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1632300236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827371870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1827371870 originConf 1632300236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833592262 that extends conf 1827371870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808653065 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000421523 that extends conf 1827371870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 147089688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1757032717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1757032717 originConf 147089688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225970981 that extends conf 1757032717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613281005 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621486957 that extends conf 1757032717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810576909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 73608444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 73608444 originConf 810576909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697298649 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124376339 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 628933116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836397870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 836397870 originConf 628933116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113416412 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253767021 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744579245 that extends conf 1033917063 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiffIllegalParam
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.server.TestHttpFSServer#testGetSnapshotDiffIllegalParam
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
