msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2095490653 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2095490653 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170144208 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702143276 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 68326648 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 68326648 originConf 68326648
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533524862 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937744315 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1424698224 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1424698224 originConf 1424698224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833474933 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917768476 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220432605 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180943021 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533884390 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451014229 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902889723 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776066796 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525842760 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501316131 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034844332 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861383349 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818762205 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914783670 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394130153 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897863818 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1065106426 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 710623214 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 710623214 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440736059 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541628803 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444943322 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187252437 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1495161082 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928621590 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147266853 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684072299 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83975513 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327840833 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433548630 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564597620 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135496034 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582269808 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386067421 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088449086 that extends conf 710623214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 710623214 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 2006842965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2006842965 originConf 710623214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274225913 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466493180 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6119747 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648570979 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1495161082 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 665565246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 665565246 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049348234 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488475370 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630096280 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95357972 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626529981 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1626529981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1799424291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868727973 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488426895 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70811599 that extends conf 2006842965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testSyncForMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
