msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#test2RecoveryTasksForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1017792343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1628289406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 1628289406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331748029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687501326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 687501326 originConf 331748029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638249646 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 997294994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986581856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1986581856 originConf 997294994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1951500432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814111376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 814111376 originConf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599556802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1612853208 originConf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44278425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7395550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 7395550 originConf 44278425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332244937 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132379993 that extends conf 332244937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 7395550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285463992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360767
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 209360767 originConf 1285463992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989033734 that extends conf 209360767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450589816 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097361633 that extends conf 209360767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#test2RecoveryTasksForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#test2RecoveryTasksForSameBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
