msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684815871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544781802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1544781802 originConf 1684815871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514372030 that extends conf 1544781802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1024131194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1663860393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1663860393 originConf 1024131194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003191572 that extends conf 1663860393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047613204 that extends conf 1003191572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100018705 that extends conf 1663860393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657314283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559737757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 559737757 originConf 1657314283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205510109 that extends conf 559737757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160017109 that extends conf 205510109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702808738 that extends conf 559737757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876775179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390476355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1390476355 originConf 876775179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185402819 that extends conf 1390476355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525511092 that extends conf 185402819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861883189 that extends conf 1390476355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1804354468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 892936991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 892936991 originConf 1804354468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620826700 that extends conf 892936991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246855706 that extends conf 620826700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292922155 that extends conf 892936991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1891971250 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 747131779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 747131779 originConf 1891971250
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192731744 that extends conf 747131779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115110522 that extends conf 192731744 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929089684 that extends conf 747131779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882277614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 896327561
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 896327561 originConf 882277614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001232701 that extends conf 896327561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1695695645 that extends conf 1001232701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92778078 that extends conf 896327561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2039875631 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1950248430
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1950248430 originConf 2039875631
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95786658 that extends conf 1950248430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340497594 that extends conf 95786658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279370482 that extends conf 1950248430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550406264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 423677971
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 423677971 originConf 1550406264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044397058 that extends conf 423677971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704726860 that extends conf 1044397058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043669566 that extends conf 423677971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 669537929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 226739250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 226739250 originConf 669537929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541539318 that extends conf 226739250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043221096 that extends conf 541539318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498099117 that extends conf 226739250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 5261180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1660175574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1660175574 originConf 5261180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591702516 that extends conf 1660175574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660519757 that extends conf 591702516 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601346581 that extends conf 1660175574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1354189373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1542102495
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1542102495 originConf 1354189373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134741135 that extends conf 1542102495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177460915 that extends conf 1134741135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600787971 that extends conf 1542102495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
