msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockManagerMachinesArray
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257988226 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1696848702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1696848702 originConf 257988226
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786477870 that extends conf 1696848702 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1525723405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074716120
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2074716120 originConf 1525723405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1889414797 that extends conf 2074716120 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058454107 that extends conf 1889414797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269025470 that extends conf 2074716120 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1213740965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960415468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1960415468 originConf 1213740965
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672965139 that extends conf 1960415468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688080019 that extends conf 1672965139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854087741 that extends conf 1960415468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 803366687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586317649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 586317649 originConf 803366687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067956608 that extends conf 586317649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310115405 that extends conf 2067956608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1331075485 that extends conf 586317649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915249961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1983357928
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1983357928 originConf 915249961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685664271 that extends conf 1983357928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357877142 that extends conf 1685664271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150618047 that extends conf 1983357928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockManagerMachinesArray
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestBlockManager#testBlockManagerMachinesArray
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
