msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1662912171 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622820646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577245010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 577245010 originConf 622820646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 628487793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285072597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800959603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1800959603 originConf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128077491 that extends conf 1980194149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673129458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620301064
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1620301064 originConf 673129458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 602161799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676428380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2050247525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2050247525 originConf 1676428380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 2050247525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008666311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70555476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 70555476 originConf 2008666311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 70555476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950125603 that extends conf 1802896480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726107869 that extends conf 70555476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673367807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4015102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 4015102 originConf 673367807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901663135 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362432678 that extends conf 1901663135 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 627709989 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 582702662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415469015
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1415469015 originConf 582702662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 860941277 that extends conf 1415469015 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30563356 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544518128 that extends conf 1415469015 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
