msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466853180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048434276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1048434276 originConf 466853180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930903395 that extends conf 1048434276 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1048434276 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192456457 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256893889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1335914322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1335914322 originConf 1256893889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351970188 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519911160 that extends conf 351970188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678680178 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904676263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734343965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1734343965 originConf 1904676263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73608444 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550080835 that extends conf 73608444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414934182 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 537483956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415979460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1415979460 originConf 537483956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322484262 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539995236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1571278562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1571278562 originConf 1539995236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487185741 that extends conf 2060799061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358169683 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2009832657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2009832657 originConf 1358169683
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208301085 that extends conf 2009832657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145165159 that extends conf 208301085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813780803 that extends conf 2009832657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173197870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827099978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 827099978 originConf 173197870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081952435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418299920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 418299920 originConf 2081952435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261257916 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13001549 that extends conf 1261257916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657697023 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299885218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1591683105 originConf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 192456457 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:35061: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:35061: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[31]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
