msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicyInEditLog
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 292451135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 901728530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 901728530 originConf 292451135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097778965 that extends conf 901728530 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1841025496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499330925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1499330925 originConf 1841025496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894553859 that extends conf 1499330925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774460994 that extends conf 1894553859 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735472399 that extends conf 1499330925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1036305069 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 90764501
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 90764501 originConf 1036305069
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1170514353 that extends conf 90764501 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320400524 that extends conf 1170514353 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753597838 that extends conf 90764501 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1623162678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1289988165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1289988165 originConf 1623162678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311429518 that extends conf 1289988165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239268762 that extends conf 311429518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75055594 that extends conf 1289988165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 14114750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 360525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 360525764 originConf 14114750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639965794 that extends conf 360525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592070028 that extends conf 639965794 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206910435 that extends conf 360525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468081470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1236869210
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1236869210 originConf 468081470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496710937 that extends conf 1236869210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269480453 that extends conf 1496710937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464976325 that extends conf 1236869210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1949095913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7234055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 7234055 originConf 1949095913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311640666 that extends conf 7234055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423596439 that extends conf 1311640666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640793439 that extends conf 7234055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1597779531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 477091691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 477091691 originConf 1597779531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981139311 that extends conf 477091691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035144851 that extends conf 1981139311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804409343 that extends conf 477091691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 791746310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 952794517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 952794517 originConf 791746310
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474689311 that extends conf 952794517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235315448 that extends conf 474689311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195810468 that extends conf 952794517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985584135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095017065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1095017065 originConf 985584135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876303858 that extends conf 1095017065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145523369 that extends conf 1876303858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089878676 that extends conf 1095017065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 292451135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 387337292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 387337292 originConf 292451135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093010664 that extends conf 387337292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicyInEditLog
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testUnsetEcPolicyInEditLog
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
