msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214313531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1392886653 originConf 214313531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388849499 that extends conf 1392886653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981487964 that extends conf 1392886653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296910502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505968231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 505968231 originConf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990870941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 990870941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1531175283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1685134322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455177644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1455177644 originConf 1685134322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173259631 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1075082007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837533591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1837533591 originConf 1075082007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081269248 that extends conf 1837533591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378814088 that extends conf 2081269248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13117403 that extends conf 1837533591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksum6
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
