msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777043124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300576734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300576734 originConf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1687087217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 46627301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759915172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1759915172 originConf 46627301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385784873 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 385784873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2122991287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101162229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 101162229 originConf 2122991287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602530280 that extends conf 2017380745 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915233792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749098095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 749098095 originConf 915233792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 296204898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 749098095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872047468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 133177937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 133177937 originConf 1872047468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 734971558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1249337777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1249337777 originConf 734971558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103234208 that extends conf 691854979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1249337777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 514793058 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1697298649
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1697298649 originConf 514793058
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498820363 that extends conf 1356054329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164757726 that extends conf 1697298649 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220747354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 424209001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 424209001 originConf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666911607 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 666911607 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368193098 that extends conf 424209001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066575950 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[25]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
