msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 474276329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595424800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1595424800 originConf 474276329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063156549 that extends conf 1595424800 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1682399080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1127008413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1127008413 originConf 1682399080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045202869 that extends conf 1127008413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666328249 that extends conf 2045202869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514074770 that extends conf 1127008413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 528965723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1166081078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1166081078 originConf 528965723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540341621 that extends conf 1166081078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689116207 that extends conf 540341621 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 139114550 that extends conf 1166081078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 544184354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538415275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1538415275 originConf 544184354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159105090 that extends conf 1538415275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891645945 that extends conf 1159105090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078157740 that extends conf 1538415275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1265393293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87851209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 87851209 originConf 1265393293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842655083 that extends conf 87851209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263883204 that extends conf 842655083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710593060 that extends conf 87851209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 588736263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042411819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2042411819 originConf 588736263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824325732 that extends conf 2042411819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436575463 that extends conf 1824325732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995520086 that extends conf 2042411819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255106472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 857725737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 857725737 originConf 1255106472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531304272 that extends conf 857725737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933314571 that extends conf 531304272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753077814 that extends conf 857725737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527421301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 349573654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 349573654 originConf 527421301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047484073 that extends conf 349573654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370143487 that extends conf 1047484073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341866153 that extends conf 349573654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1546466222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1362787461
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1362787461 originConf 1546466222
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699802314 that extends conf 1362787461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363457340 that extends conf 1699802314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088589416 that extends conf 1362787461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 862603927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1892999913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1892999913 originConf 862603927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818381415 that extends conf 1892999913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739593368 that extends conf 1818381415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991943666 that extends conf 1892999913 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testCloseDoesNotAllocateNewBuffer
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
