msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962865655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601756706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1601756706 originConf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083154356 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 2083154356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833335943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367594377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1367594377 originConf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291847739 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 291847739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731368479 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457417579 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2012095985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178325065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 178325065 originConf 2012095985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123418227 that extends conf 1970856042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 178325065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219638321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178259104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 178259104 originConf 219638321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584157293 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1868987089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 737935282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 737935282 originConf 1868987089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 1289563251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389247924 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847559273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1465179762
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1465179762 originConf 1847559273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111710616 that extends conf 1465179762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[37]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
