msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicationPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1443755539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072439102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072439102 originConf 1443755539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335238322 that extends conf 1072439102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150657356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1684739083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1684739083 originConf 1150657356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194984870 that extends conf 1684739083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2134329795 that extends conf 1194984870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064035305 that extends conf 1684739083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1176857285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1195431817
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1195431817 originConf 1176857285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433038125 that extends conf 1195431817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433405143 that extends conf 433038125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789199974 that extends conf 1195431817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1761128470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1925760894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1925760894 originConf 1761128470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646907674 that extends conf 1925760894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376221540 that extends conf 1646907674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309003878 that extends conf 1925760894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532615467 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2104235638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2104235638 originConf 1532615467
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 94612049 that extends conf 2104235638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187815608 that extends conf 94612049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985445543 that extends conf 2104235638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413194676 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1433761902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1433761902 originConf 413194676
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864263273 that extends conf 1433761902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092960764 that extends conf 864263273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060817960 that extends conf 1433761902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicationPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testReplicationPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
