msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1023724309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999178092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1999178092 originConf 1023724309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426305180 that extends conf 1999178092 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991509644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 11914261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 11914261 originConf 1991509644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079182266 that extends conf 11914261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854602304 that extends conf 1079182266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1065998793 that extends conf 11914261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1124473139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427681414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 427681414 originConf 1124473139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878792845 that extends conf 427681414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402370539 that extends conf 1878792845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1169569744 that extends conf 427681414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375863551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1525607034
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1525607034 originConf 375863551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622150876 that extends conf 1525607034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084937614 that extends conf 622150876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269077851 that extends conf 1525607034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1687459161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1362504812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1362504812 originConf 1687459161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104117177 that extends conf 1362504812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889826540 that extends conf 104117177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983177759 that extends conf 1362504812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1418000527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1375566798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1375566798 originConf 1418000527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027607254 that extends conf 1375566798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528765797 that extends conf 2027607254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945488211 that extends conf 1375566798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2044309325 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31600321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 31600321 originConf 2044309325
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031673215 that extends conf 31600321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 335965789 that extends conf 1031673215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 139014166 that extends conf 31600321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1335454327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1383377242
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1383377242 originConf 1335454327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1403568611 that extends conf 1383377242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814215155 that extends conf 1403568611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296746337 that extends conf 1383377242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832887866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 56357343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 56357343 originConf 832887866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917880134 that extends conf 56357343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262804180 that extends conf 1917880134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982783770 that extends conf 56357343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1064743330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533277093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 533277093 originConf 1064743330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512205535 that extends conf 533277093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487873069 that extends conf 1512205535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135005691 that extends conf 533277093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71906398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1021616348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1021616348 originConf 71906398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745224507 that extends conf 1021616348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38819770 that extends conf 745224507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555959277 that extends conf 1021616348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 388086542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 499219572
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 499219572 originConf 388086542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658870898 that extends conf 499219572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67197564 that extends conf 658870898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769945327 that extends conf 499219572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527309394 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146272720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 146272720 originConf 527309394
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229303684 that extends conf 146272720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252399167 that extends conf 229303684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870486686 that extends conf 146272720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515460038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163624429
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 163624429 originConf 1515460038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728221116 that extends conf 163624429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52498036 that extends conf 728221116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474548546 that extends conf 163624429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1608577145 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1993776351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1993776351 originConf 1608577145
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640400811 that extends conf 1993776351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375620020 that extends conf 1640400811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370089542 that extends conf 1993776351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989629665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817604676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1817604676 originConf 1989629665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100687164 that extends conf 1817604676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630845566 that extends conf 2100687164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693634709 that extends conf 1817604676 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2123931536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912517133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1912517133 originConf 2123931536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939663457 that extends conf 1912517133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551179345 that extends conf 939663457 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803579524 that extends conf 1912517133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62014294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1178173061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1178173061 originConf 62014294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870913348 that extends conf 1178173061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486769496 that extends conf 1870913348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288277207 that extends conf 1178173061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 667627077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 506584466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 506584466 originConf 667627077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135917532 that extends conf 506584466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277517032 that extends conf 135917532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977758842 that extends conf 506584466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks#testSkewedRack3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
