msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915349526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 574268151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 574268151 originConf 915349526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518331471 that extends conf 574268151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1558395480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275056979
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 275056979 originConf 1558395480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 275056979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50720817 that extends conf 246826139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 275056979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915349526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1682157864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1682157864 originConf 915349526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1682157864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestEditLog#testResetThreadLocalCachedOps[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
