msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227755469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 227755469 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819940427 that extends conf 227755469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768127248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 375074687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 375074687 originConf 1768127248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115013644 that extends conf 375074687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2051598050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1971152916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1971152916 originConf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479734028 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174586025 that extends conf 479734028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905847077 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389432760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1389432760 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346197173 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478334108 that extends conf 1346197173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015799131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1657125852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1657125852 originConf 1015799131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866273692 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768127248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 1768127248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedBeforeStandbyRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
