msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCustomBandwidth
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798310141 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112797307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 112797307 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 1688150025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 112797307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358857082 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 215614514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 215614514 originConf 1358857082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682157864 that extends conf 1743553655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCustomBandwidth
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testCustomBandwidth
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
