msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2619171 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2619171 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813187653 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42544488 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1845517769 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1845517769 originConf 1845517769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100929741 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 945834881 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 945834881 originConf 945834881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112737073 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 525575644 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830392529 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1619269325 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196556174 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945833803 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079490671 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832312203 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765712148 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029539558 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757509755 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213136490 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364640738 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514600323 that extends conf 945834881 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105668378 that extends conf 2619171 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916639429 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 946153057 that extends conf 1845517769 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 473666452 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 473666452 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514214932 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111003755 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149612500 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148913260 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510335184 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844679434 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025245513 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2129844134 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2129844134 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130721104 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436911942 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655281691 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880990743 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 2129844134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392570698 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 588203595 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436508891 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003454771 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119424599 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703430775 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116214853 that extends conf 473666452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 473666452 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 795594631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 795594631 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800456240 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88268349 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061881348 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898524437 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 988786279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 988786279 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938153803 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013672318 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300273837 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 66845334 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 2129844134 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 807239968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 807239968 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342034089 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590729351 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106492887 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1738561265 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373082062 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598036705 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966751068 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994411579 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837130465 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504150463 that extends conf 807239968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoActiveToObserver
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoActiveToObserver
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testNoActiveToObserver
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
