msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructForNotEnoughRacks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311292881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 1311292881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1568949719 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364704856 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1568949719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948395645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 948395645 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443502884 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 948395645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 49547843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478182173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 478182173 originConf 49547843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764358458 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7548983 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 478182173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985487390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317960117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 317960117 originConf 985487390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254955665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656349395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 656349395 originConf 254955665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554877309 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237144823 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237264838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816397102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1816397102 originConf 1237264838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1061018585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1907467420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1907467420 originConf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115087165 that extends conf 990870941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008608255 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1536728519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845119401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 845119401 originConf 1536728519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 845119401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 1657842786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148891937 that extends conf 845119401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7395550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439720255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 439720255 originConf 7395550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350413251 that extends conf 439720255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277716905 that extends conf 350413251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 439720255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructForNotEnoughRacks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness#testReconstructForNotEnoughRacks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
