msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378918544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451264559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 451264559 originConf 1378918544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288360403 that extends conf 451264559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702210045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1467510729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1467510729 originConf 1702210045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143126780 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987009404 that extends conf 1143126780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725157011 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623791891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484327910
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 484327910 originConf 623791891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788034082 that extends conf 484327910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911582447 that extends conf 1788034082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309689222 that extends conf 484327910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 661181039 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2026530459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2026530459 originConf 661181039
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444903921 that extends conf 2026530459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972710458 that extends conf 1444903921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917367655 that extends conf 2026530459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 954867299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1543080733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1543080733 originConf 954867299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36010834 that extends conf 1543080733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806073119 that extends conf 36010834 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3485496 that extends conf 1543080733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1189093479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 152406606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 152406606 originConf 1189093479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780761765 that extends conf 152406606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852003136 that extends conf 1780761765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623525629 that extends conf 152406606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1272947929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1548742319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1548742319 originConf 1272947929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085653209 that extends conf 1548742319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353918128 that extends conf 2085653209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540016647 that extends conf 1548742319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662906360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 365193657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 365193657 originConf 1662906360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500690240 that extends conf 365193657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442536653 that extends conf 1500690240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340166815 that extends conf 365193657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileMoreThanABlockGroup3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
