msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434015813 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876823802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 876823802 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854989361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 854989361 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045913001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107404311 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723278948
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1723278948 originConf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609389093 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531175283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704214570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1704214570 originConf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721576219 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45416784 that extends conf 1721576219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745608181 that extends conf 1704214570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 918899286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481594007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1481594007 originConf 918899286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 1592763413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497479191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 622263400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 622263400 originConf 497479191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278879704 that extends conf 715289224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10405169 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360533184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1160546880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1160546880 originConf 1360533184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 1160546880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821010113 that extends conf 1404669942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273879638 that extends conf 1160546880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
