msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollBackImage
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1450477191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1402473334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1402473334 originConf 1450477191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178717318 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237572743 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552584093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 768503550
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 768503550 originConf 1552584093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369210042 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332089336 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45705553 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2100252975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2100252975 originConf 45705553
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632757974 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790486639 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259076553 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209419486 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937352254 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860264649 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293897188 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645669773 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425651957 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646322370 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590875159 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60683081 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400715804 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147343477 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546087439 that extends conf 768503550 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421891216 that extends conf 1402473334 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318811909 that extends conf 2100252975 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359540633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723817161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1723817161 originConf 1359540633
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505871808 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696971504 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823456287 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128052354 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930881968 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004381754 that extends conf 1930881968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287374405 that extends conf 1723817161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021037640 that extends conf 1287374405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363406037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1820307893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1820307893 originConf 1363406037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715693935 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209518540 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340592125 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153788356 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197607780 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309369341 that extends conf 197607780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079444579 that extends conf 1820307893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876699321 that extends conf 1079444579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359540633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1636408001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1636408001 originConf 1359540633
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641133045 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866577029 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839347339 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182928467 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010508899 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364341503 that extends conf 2010508899 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215847638 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227202681 that extends conf 215847638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363406037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1065716620
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1065716620 originConf 1363406037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762962269 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713784198 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591732314 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701087442 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923834318 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265144675 that extends conf 1923834318 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988524005 that extends conf 1065716620 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354861428 that extends conf 1988524005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879640950 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075995305 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870787088 that extends conf 1636408001 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollBackImage
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testRollBackImage
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
