msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613514326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613514326 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146613458 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 2146613458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117249632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 182949133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 182949133 originConf 117249632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407428730 that extends conf 182949133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905804261 that extends conf 1407428730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075093711 that extends conf 182949133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233343686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 153443333
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 153443333 originConf 233343686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788432625 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 1788432625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58421994 that extends conf 153443333 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 714850447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618696025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 618696025 originConf 714850447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315038402 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092066079 that extends conf 1315038402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049121789 that extends conf 618696025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1992630936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527247308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 527247308 originConf 1992630936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46415544 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633683828 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847839957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1269826537 originConf 847839957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87845070 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607020784 that extends conf 87845070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679587143 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368242083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924393200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 924393200 originConf 368242083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970900227 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183572822 that extends conf 1970900227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722645488 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153256202 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:35556: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:35556: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[8]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
