msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 403147759 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 888473870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 888473870 originConf 403147759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101249621 that extends conf 888473870 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699578227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749981943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 749981943 originConf 1699578227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 321772459 that extends conf 749981943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785625589 that extends conf 321772459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 749981943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928312257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807911555
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1807911555 originConf 1928312257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302987494 that extends conf 1807911555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118414398 that extends conf 302987494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1807911555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893772493 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541942595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1541942595 originConf 1893772493
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 1590792382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 843959601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 848958019
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 848958019 originConf 843959601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36550900 that extends conf 848958019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981487964 that extends conf 36550900 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 848958019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 143486875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80756779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 80756779 originConf 143486875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862674654 that extends conf 280223635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 80756779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 869290854 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 869290854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404834600 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809129176 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998882269 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1371400311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1371400311 originConf 1998882269
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774362927 that extends conf 1474072872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1371400311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2011342562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1538511917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1538511917 originConf 2011342562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 1538511917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1365711624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655955258 that extends conf 1538511917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103505488 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2099932844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2099932844 originConf 1103505488
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 2099932844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114270481 that extends conf 1353838640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053744929 that extends conf 2099932844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testReplicaReadWrite
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testReplicaReadWrite
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput#testReplicaReadWrite
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
