msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615056168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213193302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 951741667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 220695851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 220695851 originConf 951741667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863953433 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360215046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1260467793 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364497552 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199657303 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411606228 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843346297 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143957117 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007362106 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578804 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793026537 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208907402 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978739668 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595399996 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035891883 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17575983 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641703223 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351695651 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265371651 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687368064 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514214932 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93271379 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904114742 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457515933 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228798862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1228798862 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195660736 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1038237500 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684072299 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697460450 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416706187 that extends conf 559050604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726616678 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23076423 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006624255 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721180011 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1349025531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 338620258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 338620258 originConf 1349025531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016038911 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542845410 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604239153 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469526197 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1443675930 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609086753 that extends conf 1443675930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427775702 that extends conf 1443675930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468343491 that extends conf 1443675930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690481990 that extends conf 338620258 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114537280 that extends conf 1690481990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047984839 that extends conf 1690481990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80499834 that extends conf 1690481990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1968552224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 898695324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 898695324 originConf 1968552224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807894765 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272929616 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491470505 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351101168 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1700421020 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 345290829 that extends conf 1700421020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883678948 that extends conf 1700421020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906947271 that extends conf 1700421020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177072083 that extends conf 898695324 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010070923 that extends conf 1177072083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502891368 that extends conf 1177072083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566891420 that extends conf 1177072083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1777043124 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168870325 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112129145 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148138076 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499470379 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471004142 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833335943 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689448569 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555793073 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46627301 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605249398 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184905781 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435921070 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1349025531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101162229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 101162229 originConf 1349025531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161982472 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703661716 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1390173818 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980358248 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1968552224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457148583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 1457148583 originConf 1968552224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135112230 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351147677 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344417989 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978035840 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 978035840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128283799 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551169444 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185854946 that extends conf 1777043124 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044965465 that extends conf 767393855 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 767393855 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442465916 that extends conf 767393855 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521468301 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749755082 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1718832757 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113273959 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 2113273959 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 2113273959 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 2113273959 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085115387 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224790130 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102474678 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88335763 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315081042 that extends conf 88335763 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374432753 that extends conf 88335763 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261052089 that extends conf 88335763 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326998608 that extends conf 368727462 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 368727462 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174383157 that extends conf 368727462 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057053873 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248996475 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942329829 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584698209 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936670366 that extends conf 584698209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199000084 that extends conf 584698209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 524566446 that extends conf 584698209 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941598182 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041263297 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379115456 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673129458 that extends conf 1941598182 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236312424 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101107519 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729586874 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949672824 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319061373 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839073927 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924354791 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327501938 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157330819 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203684388 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711243851 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestMultiObserverNode#testObserverFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
