msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2093010349 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1787079037
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1787079037 originConf 2093010349
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307829448 that extends conf 1787079037 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1807176280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1977618945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1977618945 originConf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076249476 that extends conf 1977618945 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1357686726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 501608687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 501608687 originConf 1357686726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785111044 that extends conf 501608687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181078353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 681639276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 681639276 originConf 181078353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 681639276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691779749 that extends conf 1245593227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799755007 that extends conf 681639276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121891386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 1121891386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637601612 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428245792 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 246264949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623131585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 623131585 originConf 246264949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalCreateSnapshot2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
