msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256893889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1335914322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1335914322 originConf 1256893889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351970188 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519911160 that extends conf 351970188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678680178 that extends conf 1335914322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903064416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311052922
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1311052922 originConf 903064416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629759610 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248598189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1624355359 originConf 1248598189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103394942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1242427797 originConf 103394942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084486251 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668301868 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632669667 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681564936 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1992630936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 527247308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 527247308 originConf 1992630936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46415544 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881662115 that extends conf 46415544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633683828 that extends conf 527247308 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847839957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269826537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1269826537 originConf 847839957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87845070 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607020784 that extends conf 87845070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679587143 that extends conf 1269826537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 885991756 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253380088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 253380088 originConf 885991756
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090057640 that extends conf 253380088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553646796 that extends conf 1090057640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376601041 that extends conf 253380088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811975204 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:42826: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:42826: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[33]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
