msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionTwoNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1210939243 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 1663488386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380976928 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790387225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1790387225 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624788833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 1624788833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465909321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 465909321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 1059080630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989332276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 279781579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 279781579 originConf 1989332276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008612116 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1008612116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957282992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274100821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 274100821 originConf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358019805 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1663738275 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1991290395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1991290395 originConf 1663738275
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 1991290395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1691858720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 1991290395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 80191608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364480205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 364480205 originConf 80191608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099932844 that extends conf 364480205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 2099932844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 364480205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670283478 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398508580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1398508580 originConf 670283478
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244815033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 741390111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 741390111 originConf 1244815033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828610686 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424944647 that extends conf 828610686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378814088 that extends conf 741390111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37268876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1121072891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1121072891 originConf 37268876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112135199 that extends conf 1121072891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233951222 that extends conf 1121072891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionTwoNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testDecommissionTwoNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
