msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 670283478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217089772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1752365512 originConf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423586012 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 1752365512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1956598686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002233982 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691420444 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135560559 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560418963 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793946143 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536643340 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044532269 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393113920 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791272206 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181277707 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902570067 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401583104 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711842245 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224126690 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705282626 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438374226 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
