msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutor
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042790962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399701152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1399701152 originConf 1042790962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019826979 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594791957 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988644427 that extends conf 1594791957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 985487390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 985487390 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 985487390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 985487390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2037202079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116356643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 116356643 originConf 2037202079
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45880026 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13643661 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 719182854 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882706486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 882706486 originConf 719182854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901815188 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220524164 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 882706486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2146303527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808527451
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1808527451 originConf 2146303527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409596180 that extends conf 1808527451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 409596180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283923004 that extends conf 1808527451 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1861754673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 128028301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 128028301 originConf 1861754673
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 128028301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 1562249660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 128028301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 556945462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220813917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1220813917 originConf 556945462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 1220813917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1288815068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 1220813917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836621476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1386020581 originConf 836621476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183995527 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199000084 that extends conf 1386020581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2104842259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387671967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1387671967 originConf 2104842259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17331878 that extends conf 1387671967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32206364 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010221835 that extends conf 1387671967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1989826789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 164757726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 164757726 originConf 1989826789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557342904 that extends conf 164757726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950125603 that extends conf 164757726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492045670 that extends conf 1988644427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutor
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemExecutor
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
