msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddECPoliciesExceeded
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 398948719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723801390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1723801390 originConf 398948719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305169050 that extends conf 1723801390 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 938880797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002272508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1002272508 originConf 938880797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855645117 that extends conf 1002272508 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186510509 that extends conf 855645117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685716342 that extends conf 1002272508 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 589726091 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1952153587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1952153587 originConf 589726091
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285122583 that extends conf 1952153587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011346064 that extends conf 1285122583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522171476 that extends conf 1952153587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1086683214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1045006326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1045006326 originConf 1086683214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280526843 that extends conf 1045006326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609810874 that extends conf 280526843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183820794 that extends conf 1045006326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1135129578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 713431717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 713431717 originConf 1135129578
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370461971 that extends conf 713431717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448709799 that extends conf 370461971 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801771318 that extends conf 713431717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 53424230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1681069998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1681069998 originConf 53424230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245765163 that extends conf 1681069998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612367082 that extends conf 245765163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28466231 that extends conf 1681069998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 180953613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2054541645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2054541645 originConf 180953613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311055699 that extends conf 2054541645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884190916 that extends conf 311055699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 630302573 that extends conf 2054541645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 228037705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1381226876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1381226876 originConf 228037705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 390229762 that extends conf 1381226876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063006490 that extends conf 390229762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487839453 that extends conf 1381226876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1612266173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1084726486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1084726486 originConf 1612266173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850506924 that extends conf 1084726486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469042211 that extends conf 1850506924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644577814 that extends conf 1084726486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129254774 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1494789083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1494789083 originConf 2129254774
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201336684 that extends conf 1494789083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375336273 that extends conf 1201336684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467802229 that extends conf 1494789083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1205380506 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1529333271
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1529333271 originConf 1205380506
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666985145 that extends conf 1529333271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050987481 that extends conf 666985145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248665207 that extends conf 1529333271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2059360887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615401009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1615401009 originConf 2059360887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182181266 that extends conf 1615401009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352249453 that extends conf 1182181266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020906722 that extends conf 1615401009 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552617717 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1127236768
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1127236768 originConf 1552617717
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908769821 that extends conf 1127236768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115650862 that extends conf 1908769821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235165412 that extends conf 1127236768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 620202321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112533904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1112533904 originConf 620202321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556443230 that extends conf 1112533904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225022175 that extends conf 556443230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812296704 that extends conf 1112533904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903652604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1529009679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1529009679 originConf 903652604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791756343 that extends conf 1529009679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220115223 that extends conf 1791756343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1421906834 that extends conf 1529009679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddECPoliciesExceeded
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testAddECPoliciesExceeded
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
