msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 99451533 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 99451533 originConf 99451533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154319946 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712974096 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 552937500 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 552937500 originConf 552937500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988850650 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182670350 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1777443462 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1777443462 originConf 1777443462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574749319 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706099897 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283580018 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775463877 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932899936 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354679265 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082029315 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392358008 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614647084 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620184504 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905382248 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120515115 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89669148 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481255983 that extends conf 552937500 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237445656 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14736812 that extends conf 1777443462 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773695398 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1348916831 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768882706 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252776224 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940370411 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987320881 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164714495 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789982400 that extends conf 164714495 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137642385 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627883152 that extends conf 2137642385 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 481553464 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 481553464 originConf 481553464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079961240 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569954275 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352677299 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489951959 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726616678 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23076423 that extends conf 1726616678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006624255 that extends conf 481553464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721180011 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286658790 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234847641 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906072710 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509009727 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830656664 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385120136 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756102134 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1348916831 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 573102881
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 573102881 originConf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102318785 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492028025 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553114251 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773543936 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062667107 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129387802 that extends conf 2062667107 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009218257 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936380963 that extends conf 1009218257 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 481553464 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 144467413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 144467413 originConf 481553464
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115086468 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811081657 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26190636 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872545819 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 1124317168 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502036804 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434280421 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153750989 that extends conf 573102881 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351888672 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078126828 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489741697 that extends conf 144467413 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testFailureToReadEditsOnTransitionToActive[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
