msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1258372214 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333392524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 333392524 originConf 1258372214
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574898980 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 333392524 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1478334108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726051009
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 726051009 originConf 1478334108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 726051009 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2045913001 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 687501326 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 687501326
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45416784 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405055124 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1592712032 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1641027464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1641027464 originConf 1592712032
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441410416 that extends conf 1641027464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620112330 that extends conf 1441410416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29369803 that extends conf 1641027464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
