msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks#testUpdatingQuotaCount
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2139597198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1512182438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1512182438 originConf 2139597198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84143448 that extends conf 1512182438 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 989344140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749603539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 749603539 originConf 989344140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943500320 that extends conf 749603539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092591373 that extends conf 1943500320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074524840 that extends conf 749603539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1835234939 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868203598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1868203598 originConf 1835234939
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227345962 that extends conf 1868203598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877667835 that extends conf 1227345962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882590507 that extends conf 1868203598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611581327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1110219660
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1110219660 originConf 611581327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087417228 that extends conf 1110219660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267015365 that extends conf 2087417228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237403111 that extends conf 1110219660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 136911048 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 590665527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 590665527 originConf 136911048
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160945419 that extends conf 590665527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794633567 that extends conf 1160945419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062897884 that extends conf 590665527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 614124443 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1278248265
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1278248265 originConf 614124443
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661429374 that extends conf 1278248265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236341085 that extends conf 661429374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10019677 that extends conf 1278248265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1091963090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811405481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1811405481 originConf 1091963090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289897783 that extends conf 1811405481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387438243 that extends conf 1289897783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803336658 that extends conf 1811405481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207288466 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077692278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2077692278 originConf 1207288466
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91202209 that extends conf 2077692278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117438579 that extends conf 91202209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477520367 that extends conf 2077692278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1045215333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 519566698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 519566698 originConf 1045215333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957029314 that extends conf 519566698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97639368 that extends conf 1957029314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296644704 that extends conf 519566698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817533978 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774200932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1774200932 originConf 1817533978
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266596411 that extends conf 1774200932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084116767 that extends conf 266596411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520077511 that extends conf 1774200932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks#testUpdatingQuotaCount
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks#testUpdatingQuotaCount
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
