msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCacheDescriptor
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1484275564 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1197176722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420012431 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670084377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355766307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1355766307 originConf 670084377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 512238546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814908102 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3694603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1430207342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1430207342 originConf 3694603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789282489 that extends conf 1807207655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1430207342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 404586280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 877363600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 877363600 originConf 404586280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141015648 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 604060129 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442077586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1442077586 originConf 604060129
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238994373 that extends conf 1442077586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596144422 that extends conf 1238994373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75356024 that extends conf 1442077586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1401737458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541075662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1541075662 originConf 1401737458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435803541 that extends conf 1541075662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400582895 that extends conf 435803541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233951222 that extends conf 1541075662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCacheDescriptor
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRemoveCacheDescriptor
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
