msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962530244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1808855516
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1808855516 originConf 1962530244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190818206 that extends conf 1808855516 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 598234169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 157023835
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 157023835 originConf 598234169
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396844216 that extends conf 157023835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090320872 that extends conf 1396844216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386540073 that extends conf 157023835 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242483090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087805446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1087805446 originConf 1242483090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168627608 that extends conf 1087805446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275242344 that extends conf 1168627608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949134189 that extends conf 1087805446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45645365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855148412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1855148412 originConf 45645365
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64785659 that extends conf 1855148412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784538949 that extends conf 64785659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916090884 that extends conf 1855148412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285583559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836596842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 836596842 originConf 1285583559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472285675 that extends conf 836596842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059945639 that extends conf 472285675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610076155 that extends conf 836596842 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
