msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_6
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702999333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1829460911 originConf 702999333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902801188 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064883371 that extends conf 1829460911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1045985568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1045985568 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008547236 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1388849499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015261478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2015261478 originConf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 2015261478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 381930033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 564893839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 564893839 originConf 381930033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861754673 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110785285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1499825229 originConf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442465916 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 442465916
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000530216 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299497914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199000084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 199000084 originConf 1299497914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 199000084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602161799 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 199000084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808884231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653880197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 653880197 originConf 1808884231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822359325 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133573230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1232703108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1232703108 originConf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732261462 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 1732261462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164436797 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1859965144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913113425
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1913113425 originConf 1859965144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688917723 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124261761 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945747249 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 388436342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1479100519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1479100519 originConf 388436342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075093711 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833707324 that extends conf 2075093711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274426173 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_6
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_6
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
