msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2002097394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2002097394 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871542036 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435175610 that extends conf 1871542036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027837674 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087440001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1087440001 originConf 2027837674
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676428380 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 27053221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1442342557 originConf 27053221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368955890 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 368955890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179060558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659363322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1659363322 originConf 179060558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846568576 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727018418 that extends conf 1659363322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665846007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860941277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 860941277 originConf 665846007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993452032 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247575268 that extends conf 993452032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592088871 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455726379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 311788384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 311788384 originConf 455726379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248334686 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421163163 that extends conf 1248334686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369573800 that extends conf 311788384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397822273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1410456976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1410456976 originConf 397822273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082886058 that extends conf 1410456976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844700236 that extends conf 1082886058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643838324 that extends conf 1410456976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 921764975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131096911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 131096911 originConf 921764975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856643544 that extends conf 131096911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746590863 that extends conf 1856643544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286643712 that extends conf 131096911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1196404281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883788127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1883788127 originConf 1196404281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1099694603 that extends conf 1883788127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338765435 that extends conf 1099694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936261188 that extends conf 1883788127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967667267 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:43610: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:43610: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
