msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842943543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1445999733 originConf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269339945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 386201215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 386201215 originConf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526296937 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711105800 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439720255 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624355359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 673367807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 673367807 originConf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735390128 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126664214 that extends conf 1735390128 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410186665 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1242427797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139266166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2139266166 originConf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247348185 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889753223 that extends conf 1247348185 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828535871 that extends conf 2139266166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 448569108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 357153703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 357153703 originConf 448569108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235195640 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 235195640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727818265 that extends conf 357153703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450420562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651698411
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 651698411 originConf 450420562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609960076 that extends conf 651698411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096268257 that extends conf 1609960076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231191650 that extends conf 651698411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 971404566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1740708279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1740708279 originConf 971404566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491676195 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710591086 that extends conf 1491676195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487287849 that extends conf 1740708279 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615535645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81505591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 81505591 originConf 1615535645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143968486 that extends conf 81505591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577037372 that extends conf 1143968486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81355344 that extends conf 81505591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554146322 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:43610: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:43610: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[27]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
