msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704869156 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10885570 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 463215441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327539680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2122991287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2122991287 originConf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 818859466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948650013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 948650013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299497914 that extends conf 1313618488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62309924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 62309924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730583371 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 730583371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111710616 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[6]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
