msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082586457 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912638973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1912638973 originConf 1082586457
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044428462 that extends conf 1912638973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1664975887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851724539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1851724539 originConf 1664975887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846618662 that extends conf 1851724539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676567008 that extends conf 846618662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733739164 that extends conf 1851724539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 772743198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 369507222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 369507222 originConf 772743198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653308785 that extends conf 369507222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577702537 that extends conf 1653308785 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843071372 that extends conf 369507222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1663329064 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 335603870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 335603870 originConf 1663329064
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166243359 that extends conf 335603870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223849775 that extends conf 166243359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649600172 that extends conf 335603870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 535773367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 937437008
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 937437008 originConf 535773367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864119130 that extends conf 937437008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370356560 that extends conf 1864119130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446949028 that extends conf 937437008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1634576963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 82585986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 82585986 originConf 1634576963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307792821 that extends conf 82585986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491987967 that extends conf 1307792821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078418519 that extends conf 82585986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1614644426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 997801965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 997801965 originConf 1614644426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688241487 that extends conf 997801965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199559657 that extends conf 688241487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541751532 that extends conf 997801965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816070255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1834501362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1834501362 originConf 1816070255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128761440 that extends conf 1834501362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247789718 that extends conf 1128761440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330399963 that extends conf 1834501362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1868311108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 155514486
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 155514486 originConf 1868311108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604086730 that extends conf 155514486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525718688 that extends conf 1604086730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810919403 that extends conf 155514486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1901123775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 910642673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 910642673 originConf 1901123775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648006518 that extends conf 910642673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64889508 that extends conf 1648006518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646805075 that extends conf 910642673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
