msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testTailWithoutCache
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1613255205 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1613255205 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720339 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477533894 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 541285440 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 541285440 originConf 541285440
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552937500 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1667305539 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1667305539 originConf 1667305539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611373863 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919446210 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896815497 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616555574 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826044325 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243428871 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809346400 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318195345 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061486951 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044857350 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354017968 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893843914 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744650252 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804914924 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509273207 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765450371 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462917945 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 67730604 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 67730604 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572628826 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 860790066 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764122151 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1818449913 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203439970 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989972190 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085360092 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684230144 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293870885 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610133647 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324714368 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088449086 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808403953 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112246924 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 67730604 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1340086277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1340086277 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142129482 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383319597 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450534693 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620828549 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420623741 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076829355 that extends conf 1420623741 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418245573 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112075608 that extends conf 1418245573 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1818449913 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1164241227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1164241227 originConf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299145277 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542082587 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031292684 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194662841 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511004956 that extends conf 949314262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559998250 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703627308 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1002911155 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 1002911155 originConf 1002911155
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811880447 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 704869156 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.5 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419280591 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 102052782 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.6 uniqueConf 102052782 originConf 102052782
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123166613 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708242092 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104437795 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763230166 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250565389 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145961004 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081243261 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75906165 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172081813 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243160837 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598036705 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761440997 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693975953 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007228507 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10569151 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010136881 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322751778 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221652628 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424108435 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316494114 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405092946 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580791155 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744079696 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703661716 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657911258 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1060549703 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1060549703 originConf 1060549703
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166361824 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941270678 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407167674 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037806977 that extends conf 1407167674 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017530134 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181326224 that extends conf 2017530134 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 609879567 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 609879567 originConf 609879567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122319167 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742669418 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130852621 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 1875520143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 609879567 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247368089 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 578189463 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257585822 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752871922 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956064026 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453945923 that extends conf 1060549703 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1060549703 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.5, let clone and return new conf 1591954203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1591954203 originConf 1060549703
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78816013 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397459405 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307368183 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783045808 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142735456 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939869193 that extends conf 1142735456 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652007616 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726515679 that extends conf 652007616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 609879567 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.6, let clone and return new conf 929482343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 929482343 originConf 609879567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747702724 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304687533 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318156035 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462935233 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 929482343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231036290 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218302833 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279125466 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314389221 that extends conf 1591954203 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testTailWithoutCache
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testTailWithoutCache
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
