msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1947896119 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440621772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1440621772 originConf 1947896119
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306246648 that extends conf 1440621772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2145420209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1215029765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1215029765 originConf 2145420209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254918854 that extends conf 1215029765 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1500379239 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1470420462 originConf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 1495407511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095203437 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1877240674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1877240674 originConf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116184677 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 116184677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440472115 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1173504361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340086275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1340086275 originConf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412564235 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173440626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670153696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 670153696 originConf 173440626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 196025267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872417052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 184642382
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 184642382 originConf 1872417052
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2018270965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643646293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1643646293 originConf 2018270965
msx-rc 0
