msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153525747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 786468308
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 786468308 originConf 153525747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 637027464 that extends conf 786468308 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1873428060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1143347280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1143347280 originConf 1873428060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305406879 that extends conf 1143347280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722200172 that extends conf 1305406879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481670660 that extends conf 1143347280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463684106 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577838689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 577838689 originConf 1463684106
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924349277 that extends conf 577838689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939020476 that extends conf 1924349277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407636892 that extends conf 577838689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 342288290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541857224
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1541857224 originConf 342288290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449259335 that extends conf 1541857224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48963398 that extends conf 1449259335 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993287516 that extends conf 1541857224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 867692805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1909720197
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1909720197 originConf 867692805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1341843870 that extends conf 1909720197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 760588169 that extends conf 1341843870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472607967 that extends conf 1909720197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959761647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2135432527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2135432527 originConf 959761647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060699512 that extends conf 2135432527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981450840 that extends conf 1060699512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398811984 that extends conf 2135432527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037420673 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532814515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 532814515 originConf 1037420673
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735388953 that extends conf 532814515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391436719 that extends conf 735388953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019099931 that extends conf 532814515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1693211471 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450325768
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 450325768 originConf 1693211471
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374601443 that extends conf 450325768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701013052 that extends conf 1374601443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122712736 that extends conf 450325768 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1978128600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 299322691
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 299322691 originConf 1978128600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820064416 that extends conf 299322691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774450608 that extends conf 820064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592523800 that extends conf 299322691 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1309800114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 986638509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 986638509 originConf 1309800114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378010554 that extends conf 986638509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239828230 that extends conf 1378010554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7952233 that extends conf 986638509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 618457545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842360024
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 842360024 originConf 618457545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197568044 that extends conf 842360024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 53707441 that extends conf 197568044 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929348651 that extends conf 842360024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831800738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2136616111
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2136616111 originConf 1831800738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46621983 that extends conf 2136616111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013215434 that extends conf 46621983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866211730 that extends conf 2136616111 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413054375 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1584711658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1584711658 originConf 413054375
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172978120 that extends conf 1584711658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312321702 that extends conf 172978120 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654322128 that extends conf 1584711658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943131622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2059967728
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2059967728 originConf 1943131622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650162841 that extends conf 2059967728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430451528 that extends conf 650162841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197060586 that extends conf 2059967728 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2033705933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1494487596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1494487596 originConf 2033705933
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316436033 that extends conf 1494487596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657527996 that extends conf 1316436033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933466323 that extends conf 1494487596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 97744645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662417771
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1662417771 originConf 97744645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320927535 that extends conf 1662417771 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593445332 that extends conf 1320927535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652787904 that extends conf 1662417771 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036726940 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1019641168
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1019641168 originConf 2036726940
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129360758 that extends conf 1019641168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485878535 that extends conf 129360758 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993101393 that extends conf 1019641168 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneCell1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
