msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testDownloadingLaterCheckpoint
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402115881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325056130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1325056130 originConf 402115881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1670313965 that extends conf 1325056130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593768538 that extends conf 1325056130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191864687 that extends conf 593768538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466032056 that extends conf 593768538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690822257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1058822905
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1058822905 originConf 690822257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942356772 that extends conf 1058822905 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373544591 that extends conf 1058822905 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409565350 that extends conf 373544591 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771923297 that extends conf 373544591 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321772459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 321772459 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 321772459 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820677667 that extends conf 321772459 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064883371 that extends conf 820677667 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 820677667 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690822257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 669700766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 669700766 originConf 690822257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 669700766 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225353990 that extends conf 669700766 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243102466 that extends conf 1225353990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602858680 that extends conf 1225353990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210939243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1519911160
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1519911160 originConf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511004956 that extends conf 1519911160 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601756706 that extends conf 1519911160 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testDownloadingLaterCheckpoint
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandby#testDownloadingLaterCheckpoint
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
