msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117249632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1688917723 originConf 117249632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303362110 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019009267 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757779849 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859617558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66774422
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 66774422 originConf 859617558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481402298 that extends conf 66774422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486954672 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759313234 that extends conf 66774422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1181191753 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851241961
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1851241961 originConf 1181191753
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045397707 that extends conf 1851241961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634411546 that extends conf 1045397707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552076111 that extends conf 1851241961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041611826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450420562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 450420562 originConf 2041611826
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167692593 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025066647 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033425208 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311884268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1124288521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1124288521 originConf 1311884268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843459456 that extends conf 1124288521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256703888 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540031691 that extends conf 1124288521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894287849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1299885218 originConf 1894287849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068499906 that extends conf 1299885218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020397237 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123681939 that extends conf 1299885218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445010547 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:40333: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:40333: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[20]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
