msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285418035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453749509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1453749509 originConf 1285418035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88447841 that extends conf 1453749509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862943686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532582082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 532582082 originConf 1862943686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949909106 that extends conf 532582082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570138183 that extends conf 1949909106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678546635 that extends conf 532582082 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142200698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237995891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 237995891 originConf 2142200698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597344556 that extends conf 237995891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349106064 that extends conf 1597344556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213824636 that extends conf 237995891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963977329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1067291579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1067291579 originConf 963977329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599616723 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696900715 that extends conf 599616723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733046850 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497118111 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2064103047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2064103047 originConf 497118111
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152213493 that extends conf 2064103047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510863148 that extends conf 1152213493 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726499672 that extends conf 2064103047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1812747008 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628821077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1628821077 originConf 1812747008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858053424 that extends conf 1628821077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873584621 that extends conf 858053424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467267052 that extends conf 1628821077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
