msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 398948719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723801390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1723801390 originConf 398948719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305169050 that extends conf 1723801390 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 938880797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428940242
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1428940242 originConf 938880797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141484266 that extends conf 1428940242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020686671 that extends conf 141484266 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843650481 that extends conf 1428940242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 567058446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 634466827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 634466827 originConf 567058446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234798476 that extends conf 634466827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660226892 that extends conf 1234798476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99779117 that extends conf 634466827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37612459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086683214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1086683214 originConf 37612459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894520085 that extends conf 1086683214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187066034 that extends conf 894520085 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847533294 that extends conf 1086683214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1452686786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1786166199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1786166199 originConf 1452686786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133892301 that extends conf 1786166199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180421815 that extends conf 133892301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927854248 that extends conf 1786166199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1308328187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2055139992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2055139992 originConf 1308328187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97812869 that extends conf 2055139992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161194649 that extends conf 97812869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365355167 that extends conf 2055139992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testGetAllErasureCodingCodecs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
