msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239839123 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846736527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1846736527 originConf 1239839123
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299146978 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485905723 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1084781453 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1666433435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1666433435 originConf 1084781453
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755456000 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894780660 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1895870447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 24610965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 24610965 originConf 1895870447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596616782 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072211983 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39152898 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106268398 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405652094 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78933792 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079490671 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883699245 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444545082 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087078575 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280824580 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871563205 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493231128 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565511765 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522212299 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329380292 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417476332 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049771522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 858339857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 858339857 originConf 2049771522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78177007 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602669949 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229852828 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 692243192 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347476291 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423055837 that extends conf 347476291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518660158 that extends conf 858339857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039152007 that extends conf 518660158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2146009060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 444887227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 444887227 originConf 2146009060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764746415 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676456276 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281188190 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459031119 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877330523 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166416628 that extends conf 1877330523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587591259 that extends conf 444887227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 963062324 that extends conf 1587591259 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049771522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 82519840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 82519840 originConf 2049771522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1978207046 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713809750 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128656391 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827143803 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302977603 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609645642 that extends conf 302977603 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414171444 that extends conf 82519840 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847137785 that extends conf 414171444 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2146009060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1379660506
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1379660506 originConf 2146009060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974060570 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700143738 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457211678 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357190868 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492924499 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322967968 that extends conf 1492924499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156444167 that extends conf 1379660506 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879236343 that extends conf 1156444167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1691134347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951856794
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1951856794 originConf 1691134347
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
