msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTotalBlocksMetrics
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1764696127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 423583818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 423583818 originConf 1764696127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093864783 that extends conf 423583818 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1398260359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106557175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 106557175 originConf 1398260359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083854344 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 2083854344 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 106557175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526305386 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1773008684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1773008684 originConf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234905692 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 1234905692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587872480 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557725225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2108708444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2108708444 originConf 557725225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1490985125
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1490985125 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486348917 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869247587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855724043 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505968231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234223040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 234223040 originConf 505968231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 234223040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 234223040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1965036946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1033880954 originConf 1965036946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542856295 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1486553742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1552179791 originConf 1486553742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107772887 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736458419 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 454440929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613332278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1613332278 originConf 454440929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937693946 that extends conf 1613332278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530410619 that extends conf 1937693946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251285265 that extends conf 1613332278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTotalBlocksMetrics
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameNodeMXBean#testTotalBlocksMetrics
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
