msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613514326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613514326 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146613458 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339581587 that extends conf 2146613458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1613514326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842943543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1445999733 originConf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847559273 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1847559273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557534595 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269339945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 386201215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 386201215 originConf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526296937 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711105800 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439720255 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1754451055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1688917723 originConf 1754451055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303362110 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019009267 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757779849 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539995236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1571278562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1571278562 originConf 1539995236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487185741 that extends conf 2060799061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214055354 that extends conf 1571278562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1352913142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158460163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 158460163 originConf 1352913142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920632751 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041638599 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534662976 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173197870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827099978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 827099978 originConf 173197870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081952435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418299920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 418299920 originConf 2081952435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87845070 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607020784 that extends conf 87845070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679587143 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368242083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924393200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 924393200 originConf 368242083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970900227 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183572822 that extends conf 1970900227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722645488 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153256202 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:34508: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:34508: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[3]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
