msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentClose
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1460842810 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 518102480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 518102480 originConf 1460842810
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288083808 that extends conf 518102480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 227193062 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1443665480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1443665480 originConf 227193062
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005967803 that extends conf 1443665480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095781906 that extends conf 1005967803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415811818 that extends conf 1443665480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363604201 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851099125
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1851099125 originConf 1363604201
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027863189 that extends conf 1851099125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235022479 that extends conf 1027863189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179806476 that extends conf 1851099125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373390750 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 864728445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 864728445 originConf 1373390750
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596436072 that extends conf 864728445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481360877 that extends conf 596436072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592278409 that extends conf 864728445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809078904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331249515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1331249515 originConf 1809078904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309563388 that extends conf 1331249515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329759295 that extends conf 1309563388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275081096 that extends conf 1331249515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1532270820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 517026722
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 517026722 originConf 1532270820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842637300 that extends conf 517026722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465219942 that extends conf 1842637300 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919873851 that extends conf 517026722 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822209120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1906979816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1906979816 originConf 1822209120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238576002 that extends conf 1906979816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995087207 that extends conf 238576002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 528771973 that extends conf 1906979816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 367302961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2117203629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2117203629 originConf 367302961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860815041 that extends conf 2117203629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766430259 that extends conf 1860815041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331238096 that extends conf 2117203629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1149619375 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 232272057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 232272057 originConf 1149619375
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273233442 that extends conf 232272057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179305211 that extends conf 273233442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721271411 that extends conf 232272057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871266613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617647987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1617647987 originConf 1871266613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664616257 that extends conf 1617647987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561444169 that extends conf 1664616257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96763167 that extends conf 1617647987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 926723315 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502169072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1502169072 originConf 926723315
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964683300 that extends conf 1502169072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926719574 that extends conf 964683300 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745504575 that extends conf 1502169072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1535153856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 386762773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 386762773 originConf 1535153856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190307098 that extends conf 386762773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2102205437 that extends conf 1190307098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719903521 that extends conf 386762773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 641496761 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 39200249
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 39200249 originConf 641496761
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574709895 that extends conf 39200249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108951356 that extends conf 574709895 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587981679 that extends conf 39200249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702229171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1836703802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1836703802 originConf 702229171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757702013 that extends conf 1836703802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146408511 that extends conf 1757702013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346242937 that extends conf 1836703802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36299132 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 992065601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 992065601 originConf 36299132
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6920532 that extends conf 992065601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313246976 that extends conf 6920532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549017106 that extends conf 992065601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentClose
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testIdempotentClose
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
