msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777043124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300576734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300576734 originConf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1687087217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555793073 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 654740048
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 654740048 originConf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777190206 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327539680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2122991287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2122991287 originConf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 818859466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 312565954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70788844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 70788844 originConf 312565954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873168630 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 873168630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2007138812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048903970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1048903970 originConf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679002380 that extends conf 203936099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586779822 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 209845522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352083264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 352083264 originConf 209845522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 631717345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360332263 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 303846650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206180304
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1206180304 originConf 303846650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027006452 that extends conf 55429210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659363322 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217479224 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[35]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
