msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testProcesOverReplicateBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615873578
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1615873578 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095970915 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885927370 that extends conf 2095970915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testProcesOverReplicateBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testProcesOverReplicateBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
