msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 17331878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802029863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1802029863 originConf 17331878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425107133 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 708350323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 708350323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585841343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1624355359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1624355359 originConf 1585841343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077316166 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 1624355359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 30563356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1123862502 originConf 30563356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26418585 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804872134 that extends conf 26418585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366811528 that extends conf 1123862502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681564936 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794068152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66231846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66231846 originConf 1794068152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990226843 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 990226843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15912555 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856643544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1996556848 originConf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843459456 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256703888 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540031691 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1099694603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615535645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1615535645 originConf 1099694603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648176342 that extends conf 1615535645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491623023 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086767061 that extends conf 1615535645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445010547 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:34569: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:34569: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
