msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1210939243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1210939243 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663488386 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 1663488386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380976928 that extends conf 1210939243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1790387225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1790387225 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144897090 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1790387225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624788833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533173186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 533173186 originConf 1624788833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 533173186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465909321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405488475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 405488475 originConf 465909321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059080630 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 1059080630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869247587 that extends conf 405488475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 664839586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 664839586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653345773 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 653345773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195970976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 558404860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 558404860 originConf 195970976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158124724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 995631377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 995631377 originConf 1158124724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312843412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807207655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1807207655 originConf 1312843412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415906914 that extends conf 1807207655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 415906914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 1807207655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1904609259 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1398508580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1398508580 originConf 1904609259
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1442077586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096682443
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1096682443 originConf 1442077586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818785904 that extends conf 1096682443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10405169 that extends conf 818785904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450589816 that extends conf 1096682443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37268876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1121072891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1121072891 originConf 37268876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112135199 that extends conf 1121072891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227224309 that extends conf 1121072891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
