msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1526062841 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1661161169
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1661161169 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327539680 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332234405 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173059685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 173059685 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012095985 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145105559 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092822 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402480991 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466747834 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207406862 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053948018 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438494734 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406479260 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928332781 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137945795 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248036946 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392187837 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947069479 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669155809 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451055026 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337356240 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387325377 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625777328 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679060835 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104605517 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567963275 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337997982 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097959510 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796452701 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853454706 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596531695 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561513878 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084042179 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376049732 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282758526 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621977885 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430420769 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151627118 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214989694 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
