msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testOutstandingQueueLimitExceeds
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 756400983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1374726226
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1374726226 originConf 756400983
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211819784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2113988972
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2113988972 originConf 1211819784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059035500 that extends conf 2113988972 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113988972 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1474475891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1474475891 originConf 2113988972
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1008908856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2144832006
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2144832006 originConf 1008908856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472637616 that extends conf 2144832006 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499668554 that extends conf 472637616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693519441 that extends conf 2144832006 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 943537773 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133827467
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1133827467 originConf 943537773
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848915657 that extends conf 1133827467 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356866792 that extends conf 848915657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45248797 that extends conf 1133827467 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1801667788 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2103972481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2103972481 originConf 1801667788
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236750122 that extends conf 2103972481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040822962 that extends conf 236750122 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862758411 that extends conf 2103972481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1046465348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1046465348 originConf 1121454968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testOutstandingQueueLimitExceeds
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testOutstandingQueueLimitExceeds
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
