msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testCorruptJournalCache
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1613255205 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1613255205 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720339 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477533894 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 541285440 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 541285440 originConf 541285440
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552937500 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957099969 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1667305539 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1667305539 originConf 1667305539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611373863 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919446210 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840469894 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82538932 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828001009 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354017968 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369695984 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307140690 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350477585 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482564351 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278001850 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965836166 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770864750 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068282561 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559747762 that extends conf 1667305539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971359193 that extends conf 541285440 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079041363 that extends conf 1613255205 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 67730604 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 67730604 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639637237 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723826632 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369718264 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1658511941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1878992188 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1878992188 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 865752877 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728725703 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214711321 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684230144 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727188608 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053077101 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047069514 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873944561 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980727418 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830565714 that extends conf 67730604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 67730604 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1340086277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1340086277 originConf 67730604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142129482 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1169243954 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825726951 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967586416 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15910024 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420623741 that extends conf 15910024 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076829355 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418245573 that extends conf 2076829355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1878992188 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1898751355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1898751355 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510368405 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 89667904 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043941068 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975916624 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511004956 that extends conf 949314262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559998250 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703627308 that extends conf 559998250 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201568315 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9031145 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 1340086277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testCorruptJournalCache
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testCorruptJournalCache
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
