msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041999588 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1158627742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1399530366 originConf 1158627742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982406134 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920338964 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582594612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478206790
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 478206790 originConf 1582594612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270419506 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837585401 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224312483 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1990400328 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1138601267 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669508796 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584611563 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188578528 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340497014 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788424364 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551896376 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951700179 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001291282 that extends conf 478206790 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808033563 that extends conf 1399530366 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471543821 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574672535 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1718513654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896641943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1896641943 originConf 1718513654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283761454 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004168400 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2147318371 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734559212 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291853010 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323340443 that extends conf 1291853010 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263234029 that extends conf 1896641943 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987539727 that extends conf 1263234029 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 780252309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 954773792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 954773792 originConf 780252309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1284006969 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509121242 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039731574 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153788356 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858804261 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420914896 that extends conf 858804261 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858574402 that extends conf 954773792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521963303 that extends conf 1858574402 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1718513654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1849682893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1849682893 originConf 1718513654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926447702 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034555005 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138246788 that extends conf 1034555005 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885354712 that extends conf 1849682893 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009952519 that extends conf 1885354712 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 780252309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2046025956
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 2046025956 originConf 780252309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062639876 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821818521 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862785099 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715248753 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759901610 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322039018 that extends conf 759901610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316028586 that extends conf 2046025956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185632832 that extends conf 316028586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 649455419 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1639728301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1639728301 originConf 649455419
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSaveNamespaceNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
