msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStored
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237912220 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1938025186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1938025186 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 1135935001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438151297 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 274100821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237484673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 237484673 originConf 274100821
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1511180072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4181455 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248276879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953528583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 953528583 originConf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1865617081 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1337655323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1337655323 originConf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 215632153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStored
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testStored
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
