msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605851606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390913202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1390913202 originConf 1605851606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124734309 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670689666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 670689666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1538849250 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657069980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 657069980 originConf 1538849250
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403960809 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775120226 that extends conf 403960809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320869181 that extends conf 657069980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787083818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1395173825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1395173825 originConf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050149826 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 1050149826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 420993295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 818859466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 818859466 originConf 420993295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 818859466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806572546 that extends conf 261567641 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128028301 that extends conf 818859466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178325065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2032399795
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2032399795 originConf 178325065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809520570 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654589039 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832066800 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225970981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670951536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 670951536 originConf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239132915 that extends conf 1472759652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380216561 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 209845522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352083264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 352083264 originConf 209845522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 631717345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360332263 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 303846650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206180304
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1206180304 originConf 303846650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027006452 that extends conf 55429210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659363322 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631047534 that extends conf 101874302 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[14]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
