msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213193302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502635287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1502635287 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364639279 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908043086 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762074108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 636782475
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 636782475 originConf 762074108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610189576 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748182212 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268250912 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447005907 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853819315 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142409159 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730025763 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598200343 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255707215 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568515332 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 860788678 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 998452499 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519177212 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121892374 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704946469 that extends conf 636782475 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103815662 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442719120 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977232866 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812124074 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004023141 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581816933 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129844134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1278616846 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130721104 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844679434 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1983495002 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814806019 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 519019247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795594631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 795594631 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800456240 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971085309 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172968580 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630096280 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 1547817015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 1178777373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988786279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 988786279 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378916575 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242645844 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298255649 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 988786279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129844134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1832284192 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389371582 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502036804 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153750989 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1908999587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1908999587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821737873 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843515070 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703661716 that extends conf 795594631 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testExplicitMsync
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166716520 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226716384 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953900835 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testExplicitMsync
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testExplicitMsync
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
