msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471948789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253011924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 253011924 originConf 1471948789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885002305 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 758465579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 758465579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1482344533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052399527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1052399527 originConf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734079 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665308978 that extends conf 928734079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775574071 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787083818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1395173825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1395173825 originConf 1787083818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050149826 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 1050149826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586917260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 586917260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700348233 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 810169941 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 810169941
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875520143 that extends conf 602830277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199833406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959055079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 959055079 originConf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399398408 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465126864 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482032955 that extends conf 959055079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948650013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 948650013
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299497914 that extends conf 1313618488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62309924 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 839161014
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 839161014 originConf 62309924
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596997325 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893736577 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 706915627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1572820532 originConf 706915627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 957387062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277716905 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994249754 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[33]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
