msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1295773169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1528118002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1528118002 originConf 1295773169
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 55544919 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 917432406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 917432406 originConf 55544919
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138596709 that extends conf 917432406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917432406 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1093453026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1093453026 originConf 917432406
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 912512929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1946760410
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1946760410 originConf 912512929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259307035 that extends conf 1946760410 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1946760410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006640472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1006640472 originConf 1946760410
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1705585632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 617359248
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 617359248 originConf 1705585632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096086541 that extends conf 617359248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109093379 that extends conf 2096086541 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975647816 that extends conf 617359248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1874911345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 946912710
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 946912710 originConf 1874911345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644197901 that extends conf 946912710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54726841 that extends conf 644197901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576467343 that extends conf 946912710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1887583317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1358295460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1358295460 originConf 1887583317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023488428 that extends conf 1358295460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241026400 that extends conf 2023488428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146707424 that extends conf 1358295460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestStoragePolicySatisfierWithHA#testWhenNNHAStateChanges
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
