msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 508760925 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 508760925
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 779018428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814377348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 814377348 originConf 779018428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474072872 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115087165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1727424614 originConf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015122628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811787796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1811787796 originConf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2011695710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913806791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 43856716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 43856716 originConf 913806791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699486292 that extends conf 896134613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1604616170 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1751274967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1751274967 originConf 1604616170
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619837572 that extends conf 1751274967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536104952 that extends conf 619837572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210161698 that extends conf 1751274967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
