msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 341796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1100619942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1100619942 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985028494 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1985028494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2047744862 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 991671211
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 991671211 originConf 2047744862
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944752500 that extends conf 991671211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688150025 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 991671211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1590792382 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1112758237 originConf 1590792382
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 1112758237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388849499 that extends conf 1112758237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36550900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2094115865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2094115865 originConf 36550900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 2094115865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 2094115865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009916891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1068232840 originConf 1009916891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748097277 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1090695601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2008229299 originConf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246264949 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1883971879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1211586911 originConf 1883971879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627496281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951500432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1951500432 originConf 1627496281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907467420 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 1907467420 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1951500432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097069005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1745608181 originConf 1097069005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 1896558831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437983537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2107706203 originConf 1437983537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353206468 that extends conf 1186371052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 2107706203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testCreateStreamBuilderFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testCreateStreamBuilderFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testCreateStreamBuilderFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
