msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378918544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451264559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 451264559 originConf 1378918544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288360403 that extends conf 451264559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702210045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2082333331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2082333331 originConf 1702210045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180557017 that extends conf 2082333331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079490103 that extends conf 1180557017 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283859972 that extends conf 2082333331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1116778284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623791891
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 623791891 originConf 1116778284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200936646 that extends conf 623791891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400315695 that extends conf 1200936646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647980608 that extends conf 623791891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1267185351 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 661181039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 661181039 originConf 1267185351
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1271104480 that extends conf 661181039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580038030 that extends conf 1271104480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906700956 that extends conf 661181039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880499570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1334832488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1334832488 originConf 880499570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423689879 that extends conf 1334832488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129985968 that extends conf 423689879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780899819 that extends conf 1334832488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690605530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1203030263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1203030263 originConf 690605530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581930193 that extends conf 1203030263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588590421 that extends conf 1581930193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570351912 that extends conf 1203030263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257292478 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355375652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1355375652 originConf 257292478
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1670724519 that extends conf 1355375652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20091950 that extends conf 1670724519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290897528 that extends conf 1355375652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1306999626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024218723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2024218723 originConf 1306999626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1465806526 that extends conf 2024218723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1194702064 that extends conf 1465806526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419988223 that extends conf 2024218723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileLessThanFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
