msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 594195094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 594195094 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409596180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261838162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 261838162 originConf 409596180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386440976 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361921411 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564893839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1676010932 originConf 564893839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35068320 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118571592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809128217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 809128217 originConf 2118571592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365425545 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66903482 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776515865 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780134431 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604254681 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146891307 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483778977 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925371009 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112334512 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085574437 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197373918 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926715896 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456767909 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1652280119 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253576102 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018031640 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
