msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615056168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213193302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220695851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762074108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 762074108 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295485334 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82538932 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727169332 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828001009 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848709949 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1468221771 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736998490 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822880143 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208907402 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978739668 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561158772 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619668336 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21966974 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919857884 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62922141 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134191421 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473666452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 125644421
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 125644421 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594858858 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671307116 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028454429 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593581395 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 125644421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489452883 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345941015 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226969820 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739151722 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970083628 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188609726 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720797452 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 1720797452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 1720797452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 567656864 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 416049054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1609086753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1609086753 originConf 416049054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115640742 that extends conf 1609086753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893835279 that extends conf 2115640742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988690806 that extends conf 1609086753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473666452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 473666452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313618488 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010996417 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564019209 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160078395 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559559860 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008907751 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17331878 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 17331878 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631717345 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466688047 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1102063753 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690514863 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394424498 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036324408 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453007883 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337545117 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278753868 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239937174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 239937174 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 849841337 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934306780 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156163292 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585841343 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537483956 that extends conf 1585841343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311315651 that extends conf 1585841343 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688917723 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182949133 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624355359 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821194973 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459701132 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460137431 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794563378 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126664214 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091586824 that extends conf 794563378 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165912426 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737984933 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183133869 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659892238 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679884013 that extends conf 659892238 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939112506 that extends conf 659892238 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347946127 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581466066 that extends conf 1347946127 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207646123 that extends conf 1347946127 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392157992 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915690661 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448174304 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705910900 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069916604 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1755636802 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071813872 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057012348 that extends conf 1071813872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735869637 that extends conf 1071813872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656967057 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227686445 that extends conf 1656967057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933869614 that extends conf 1656967057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292964204 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044500512 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069510795 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116605872 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241070284 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682136246 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testMultiClientStatesWithRandomFailovers
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
