msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 270501410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2057803375
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2057803375 originConf 270501410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106263253 that extends conf 2057803375 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521668197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896172672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1896172672 originConf 521668197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649532845 that extends conf 1896172672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428857659 that extends conf 649532845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602090676 that extends conf 1896172672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1033701567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1880285653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1880285653 originConf 1033701567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929873871 that extends conf 1880285653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911711732 that extends conf 929873871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556074692 that extends conf 1880285653 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1284483964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 37415738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 37415738 originConf 1284483964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045846437 that extends conf 37415738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167275357 that extends conf 1045846437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273509536 that extends conf 37415738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 206618509 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1750199212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1750199212 originConf 206618509
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003936658 that extends conf 1750199212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16895801 that extends conf 1003936658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861824552 that extends conf 1750199212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036066979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 712708604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 712708604 originConf 2036066979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418989833 that extends conf 712708604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406793256 that extends conf 1418989833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107437901 that extends conf 712708604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 97364668 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252309466
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1252309466 originConf 97364668
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050921731 that extends conf 1252309466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1383365155 that extends conf 1050921731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628663803 that extends conf 1252309466 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 200999341 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1593145681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1593145681 originConf 200999341
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807717723 that extends conf 1593145681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41319316 that extends conf 1807717723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263475079 that extends conf 1593145681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869804033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052306215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1052306215 originConf 1869804033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106345058 that extends conf 1052306215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802087646 that extends conf 2106345058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499171439 that extends conf 1052306215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 170078674 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533795855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1533795855 originConf 170078674
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24715756 that extends conf 1533795855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 162887854 that extends conf 24715756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161058241 that extends conf 1533795855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testGetErasureCodingPolicyOnANonExistentFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
