msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacement
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593415583 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1270836494
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1270836494 originConf 593415583
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067925017 that extends conf 1270836494 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 385332399 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 883380345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 883380345 originConf 385332399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 883380345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122357625 that extends conf 1387620926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99808631 that extends conf 883380345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1963974958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 1963974958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103132232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 843959601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 843959601 originConf 1103132232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 758465579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981159997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205419533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1205419533 originConf 981159997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 923013679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1205419533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36627152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266093632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1266093632 originConf 36627152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 331748029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1031968647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 800493254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 800493254 originConf 1031968647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397318359 that extends conf 800493254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 397318359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 800493254 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacement
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestUpgradeDomainBlockPlacementPolicy#testPlacement
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
