msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithoutSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 176955204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 176955204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077662850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithoutSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationWithoutSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
