msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740467528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740467528 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 740467528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924802798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755759908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 755759908 originConf 1924802798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518692141 that extends conf 1702478809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928174253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1217089772 originConf 1928174253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199150625 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788256184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2004628751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2004628751 originConf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 1573125303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1220813917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1553077867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1553077867 originConf 1220813917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1553077867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694519286 that extends conf 1553077867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673129458 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625111587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9983638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 9983638 originConf 1625111587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219637204 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 164757726 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1370597622 originConf 164757726
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386201215 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732261462 that extends conf 386201215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081344572 that extends conf 1370597622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684220724 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperation[21]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
