msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1049590050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357686726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1357686726 originConf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313960293 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 321772459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1717739363
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1717739363 originConf 321772459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118555812 that extends conf 1717739363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873121466 that extends conf 118555812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850137076 that extends conf 1717739363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056185446 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 246264949 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623131585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 623131585 originConf 246264949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814377348 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testResolvePathDanglingLink
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
