msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662592920 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1491522744
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1491522744 originConf 1662592920
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155757579 that extends conf 1491522744 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696165690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727860268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 727860268 originConf 696165690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37841489 that extends conf 1525844775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247515192 that extends conf 727860268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501951555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2045913001 originConf 501951555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353759820 that extends conf 2045913001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1809129176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1069584108 originConf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465152579 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 465152579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1069584108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testInternalUnsetStoragePolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
