msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1624822591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146588766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 146588766 originConf 1624822591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617905965 that extends conf 146588766 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1560094267 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1184429263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1184429263 originConf 1560094267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1715917144 that extends conf 1184429263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968674001 that extends conf 1715917144 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352982443 that extends conf 1184429263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 46781835 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824715556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1824715556 originConf 46781835
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458530311 that extends conf 1824715556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281941194 that extends conf 458530311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410691784 that extends conf 1824715556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 884386643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1557375366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1557375366 originConf 884386643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226172533 that extends conf 1557375366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609003509 that extends conf 226172533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324738133 that extends conf 1557375366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 719071457 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002436480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1002436480 originConf 719071457
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640804011 that extends conf 1002436480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912126161 that extends conf 1640804011 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302312963 that extends conf 1002436480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 51766291 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276090137
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 276090137 originConf 51766291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988903602 that extends conf 276090137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197480866 that extends conf 988903602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020507203 that extends conf 276090137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1281120586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086379857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1086379857 originConf 1281120586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843363008 that extends conf 1086379857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739002342 that extends conf 1843363008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593152345 that extends conf 1086379857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 464385423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788897590
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1788897590 originConf 464385423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804182655 that extends conf 1788897590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845559557 that extends conf 804182655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233724663 that extends conf 1788897590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302981305 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1469343319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1469343319 originConf 1302981305
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22717830 that extends conf 1469343319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719854015 that extends conf 22717830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604849049 that extends conf 1469343319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217859734 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1858278029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1858278029 originConf 217859734
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81274731 that extends conf 1858278029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800343631 that extends conf 81274731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133431205 that extends conf 1858278029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testSnapshotsOnErasureCodingDirsParentDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
