msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121453612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1615056168 originConf 1121453612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460201727 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611241809 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463355115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201466784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1201466784 originConf 1463355115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807328355 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168340825 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762809053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932536213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1932536213 originConf 762809053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032326802 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530295320 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252211406 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344210355 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508170272 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995885248 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78933792 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021325788 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757509755 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17272190 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991853943 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457284091 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702812683 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751891983 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807302356 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8713069 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452095275 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389774257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424108509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1424108509 originConf 1389774257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548946718 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129186153 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986982728 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383897727 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497268815 that extends conf 1424108509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926027290 that extends conf 1497268815 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228798862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1228798862 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419125235 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723531749 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750631801 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354539648 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 1228798862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389774257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842422776
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 842422776 originConf 1389774257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333529571 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001080245 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548510319 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351147677 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164394344 that extends conf 1366581056 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665565246 that extends conf 842422776 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776486598 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837601499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1719547057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1719547057 originConf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311544814 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091983084 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137606230 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493794243 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 1472012329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244297136 that extends conf 1719547057 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835316563 that extends conf 244297136 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2037202079 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1590481849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1590481849 originConf 2037202079
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
