msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1687627235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1687627235 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388802347 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627010197 that extends conf 388802347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156199931 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015799131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 85121323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 85121323 originConf 1015799131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245530164 that extends conf 369901249 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513029997 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 664839586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 664839586 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489831627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 140428850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 140428850 originConf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670084377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1158124724
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1158124724 originConf 670084377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691858720 that extends conf 203048480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385750189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1334618867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1334618867 originConf 1385750189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401891515 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097069005 that extends conf 401891515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 1334618867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735330400 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98974893
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 98974893 originConf 1735330400
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1437983537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 98974893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 423711439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 584501954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 584501954 originConf 423711439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769252629 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837533591 that extends conf 1769252629 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515116175 that extends conf 584501954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 546217718
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 546217718 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 546217718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647402786 that extends conf 2110068611 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396292525 that extends conf 546217718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRename
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
