msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 170106909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 170106909 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883971879 that extends conf 987595204 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 170106909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862347028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913017282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1913017282 originConf 1862347028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 332498651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1913017282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296654536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1204178174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1204178174 originConf 1296654536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670153696 that extends conf 1204178174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 670153696 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441410416 that extends conf 1204178174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081633119 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1081633119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220813917 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 584157293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1955587357 originConf 584157293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426070939 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589214445 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2029709919 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 524566446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 685219002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 685219002 originConf 524566446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469643779 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70386506 that extends conf 469643779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 685219002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102577332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1258103238
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1258103238 originConf 102577332
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 390374517 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1783146483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1783146483 originConf 390374517
msx-rc 0
