msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112797307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1027200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1027200 originConf 112797307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834824701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 712732521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 712732521 originConf 834824701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710220387 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485485458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7548983 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760401098 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1748097277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1513029997 originConf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36627152 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779914089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 980533504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 980533504 originConf 1779914089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 656349395 that extends conf 980533504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505968231 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 980533504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365197105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814111376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 814111376 originConf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 10915321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1685134322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1685134322 originConf 10915321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865617081 that extends conf 732189840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
