msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiryTimeConsistency
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427646530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 702061917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 702061917 originConf 1427646530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925973605 that extends conf 702061917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1213871206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 483525032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 483525032 originConf 1213871206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091234211 that extends conf 483525032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 1091234211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122357625 that extends conf 483525032 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 347808407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1817154869 originConf 347808407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 1817154869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 1817154869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 205615258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 710220387
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 710220387 originConf 205615258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 492252770 that extends conf 710220387 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1498016680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7548983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 7548983 originConf 1498016680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408661811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128776186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2128776186 originConf 1408661811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530476584 that extends conf 2128776186 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582268685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727670661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 727670661 originConf 1582268685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517564173 that extends conf 727670661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 943624991 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1064232038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1064232038 originConf 943624991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146150958 that extends conf 1064232038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021205193 that extends conf 1146150958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568374227 that extends conf 1064232038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 567239435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38975804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 38975804 originConf 567239435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009414953 that extends conf 38975804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482548167 that extends conf 2009414953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864804863 that extends conf 38975804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1035066076 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 679265454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 679265454 originConf 1035066076
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104022160 that extends conf 679265454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186446592 that extends conf 1104022160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689248155 that extends conf 679265454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 175956173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726245575
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1726245575 originConf 175956173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558087729 that extends conf 1726245575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12742842 that extends conf 1558087729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969210096 that extends conf 1726245575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiryTimeConsistency
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testExpiryTimeConsistency
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
