msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797806255 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 667053991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 667053991 originConf 1797806255
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929327340 that extends conf 667053991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 838841074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517715206
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1517715206 originConf 838841074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75076442 that extends conf 1517715206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982573724 that extends conf 75076442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654255121 that extends conf 1517715206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1255316899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 784269608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 784269608 originConf 1255316899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981807123 that extends conf 784269608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535876310 that extends conf 981807123 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348683857 that extends conf 784269608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862991229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1656906355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1656906355 originConf 1862991229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470999153 that extends conf 1656906355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 627419078 that extends conf 470999153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310099460 that extends conf 1656906355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1945743542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1463015484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1463015484 originConf 1945743542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259548689 that extends conf 1463015484 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491553548 that extends conf 1259548689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26280395 that extends conf 1463015484 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 280902392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2003606073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2003606073 originConf 280902392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 418117234 that extends conf 2003606073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830085670 that extends conf 418117234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520698389 that extends conf 2003606073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1670957120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 281505932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 281505932 originConf 1670957120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41843230 that extends conf 281505932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405851740 that extends conf 41843230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969344565 that extends conf 281505932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970952938 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1058199619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1058199619 originConf 1970952938
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175541526 that extends conf 1058199619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978138996 that extends conf 1175541526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751509416 that extends conf 1058199619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1509937052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 375561057
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 375561057 originConf 1509937052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329899022 that extends conf 375561057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060655485 that extends conf 329899022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560056656 that extends conf 375561057 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1903806970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 633895359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 633895359 originConf 1903806970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 974446089 that extends conf 633895359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808417251 that extends conf 974446089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621386483 that extends conf 633895359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicies#testContentSummaryOfECSubdir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
