msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777043124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300576734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300576734 originConf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1687087217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 46627301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759915172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1759915172 originConf 46627301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385784873 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 385784873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146303527 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 665988980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252820474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1252820474 originConf 665988980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502102804 that extends conf 339788561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866901553 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 312565954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 70788844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 70788844 originConf 312565954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873168630 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899567935 that extends conf 873168630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489946715 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090894907 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2007138812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048903970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1048903970 originConf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1679002380 that extends conf 203936099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586779822 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 209845522 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352083264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 352083264 originConf 209845522
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596997325 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126876651 that extends conf 1596997325 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893736577 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 706915627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1572820532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1572820532 originConf 706915627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 957387062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277716905 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994249754 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[31]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
