msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150651533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1291970328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1291970328 originConf 1150651533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719690467 that extends conf 1291970328 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1936889534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1910986572
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1910986572 originConf 1936889534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447136260 that extends conf 1910986572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830694146 that extends conf 447136260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701116727 that extends conf 1910986572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399872977 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310495412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 310495412 originConf 399872977
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107885801 that extends conf 310495412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1281442694 that extends conf 1107885801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588984557 that extends conf 310495412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 940318246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 906181515
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 906181515 originConf 940318246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309021512 that extends conf 906181515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381525801 that extends conf 309021512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507556449 that extends conf 906181515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 332645965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1551529379
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1551529379 originConf 332645965
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594380537 that extends conf 1551529379 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557043012 that extends conf 1594380537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872769829 that extends conf 1551529379 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1522277359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730889747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 730889747 originConf 1522277359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571721306 that extends conf 730889747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039163539 that extends conf 571721306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956237734 that extends conf 730889747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1521976113 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765118882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1765118882 originConf 1521976113
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362336708 that extends conf 1765118882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433383295 that extends conf 362336708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809866622 that extends conf 1765118882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 277577794 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608239087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1608239087 originConf 277577794
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24194079 that extends conf 1608239087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895302409 that extends conf 24194079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597164875 that extends conf 1608239087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1462354574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 78034908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 78034908 originConf 1462354574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405686490 that extends conf 78034908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145692167 that extends conf 405686490 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800380040 that extends conf 78034908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 716034768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478521889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 478521889 originConf 716034768
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95040306 that extends conf 478521889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187157897 that extends conf 95040306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843325400 that extends conf 478521889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 191255741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827365772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1827365772 originConf 191255741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072320873 that extends conf 1827365772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275308178 that extends conf 1072320873 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 686025771 that extends conf 1827365772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 95263342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1524130153
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1524130153 originConf 95263342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88429360 that extends conf 1524130153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069942248 that extends conf 88429360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879502875 that extends conf 1524130153 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileSmallerThanOneStripe2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
