msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 723063218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299275874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1299275874 originConf 723063218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116923336 that extends conf 1299275874 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523200105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 108847952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 108847952 originConf 523200105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 228071441 that extends conf 108847952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687768442 that extends conf 228071441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344629436 that extends conf 108847952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2073570162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 753661179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 753661179 originConf 2073570162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444129097 that extends conf 753661179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303466846 that extends conf 444129097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580415640 that extends conf 753661179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 101072030 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 815510966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 815510966 originConf 101072030
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924471912 that extends conf 815510966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314770004 that extends conf 1924471912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035797086 that extends conf 815510966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1503083451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1968891175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1968891175 originConf 1503083451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063381079 that extends conf 1968891175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499745848 that extends conf 1063381079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969622375 that extends conf 1968891175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 149412438 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 306162212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 306162212 originConf 149412438
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83828796 that extends conf 306162212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551031169 that extends conf 83828796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415871124 that extends conf 306162212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2138612814
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 2138612814 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1180007896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1180007896 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPortsInAFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
