msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105090408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 295055909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 295055909 originConf 1105090408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132369181 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828241083 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 295055909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 130850024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1830969563 originConf 130850024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393198164 that extends conf 1830969563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1830969563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185203393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1365197105 originConf 185203393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004655561 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745608181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1405055124 originConf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 404036116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1405055124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[6]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[6]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[6]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
