msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1987354705 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1622694817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1987354705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962865655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601756706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1601756706 originConf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083154356 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 2083154356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1360878852 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 118881143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569976699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 569976699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338770454 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991386317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 312565954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 312565954 originConf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809128217 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217741734 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110785285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1499825229 originConf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089341986 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442465916 that extends conf 1499825229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 356476647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2007138812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2007138812 originConf 356476647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726416425 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368727462 that extends conf 726416425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1629759610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 514793058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 514793058 originConf 1629759610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 514793058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741370455 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[36]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
