msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1615056168 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1615056168 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16868310 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445918232 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 951741667 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 951741667 originConf 951741667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466853180 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 406375608 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 252738640 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 252738640 originConf 252738640
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062714541 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776484396 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010326329 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795493408 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38056746 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675694576 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956998183 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444545082 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765712148 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029539558 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082987591 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702812683 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 166598968 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537076884 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945439912 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807302356 that extends conf 252738640 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857807548 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1164365897 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164365897 originConf 1164365897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350069300 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661487480 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318596695 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635010994 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605988985 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134202713 that extends conf 1605988985 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1605988985 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 852190062 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 61137731 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 61137731 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716164115 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808884969 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438384156 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270722703 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031927175 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 2031927175 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 2031927175 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 726843606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 49318987 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 49318987 originConf 49318987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105751207 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956199682 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032193268 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719481001 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948960194 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173060252 that extends conf 948960194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302877661 that extends conf 948960194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720797452 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 1720797452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 1720797452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 288919635 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 288919635 originConf 288919635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989126847 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611221523 that extends conf 989126847 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113829504 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559817679 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002537161 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 165692644 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546223372 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439104464 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127953810 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511009135 that extends conf 1164365897 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1164365897 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1529002352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1529002352 originConf 1164365897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353580491 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000727070 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774455637 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104741611 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387671967 that extends conf 1625111587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586779822 that extends conf 1625111587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380216561 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521973283 that extends conf 380216561 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084920982 that extends conf 380216561 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 61137731 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1540219992 originConf 61137731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811422887 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569293498 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1018649366 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360332263 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684541910 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368955890 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212924259 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970528559 that extends conf 212924259 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370597622 that extends conf 212924259 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 49318987 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 557342904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 557342904 originConf 49318987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414924274 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354285548 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365240886 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643697546 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56112634 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459035867 that extends conf 56112634 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 56112634 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754451055 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117249632 that extends conf 707250996 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161496088 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432016753 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518482435 that extends conf 1529002352 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019009267 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905804261 that extends conf 1019009267 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1019009267 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476911883 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383091059 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422478240 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnFreshClient
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
