msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1399530366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541180884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1541180884 originConf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86342729 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478206790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845753259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 845753259 originConf 478206790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359457691 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985122182 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508170272 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293836110 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344210355 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216143144 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78933792 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945833803 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127352559 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432710677 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058927431 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431838906 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154735307 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37799681 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446877274 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210184505 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63011259 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164343205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164343205 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534093163 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1117284391 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129186153 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146893475 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323340443 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137934259 that extends conf 323340443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987539727 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780252309 that extends conf 1987539727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1976193593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1976193593 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666077017 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234189480 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36855593 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351114633 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420914896 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858574402 that extends conf 1420914896 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521963303 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781995417 that extends conf 521963303 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1900507315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1900507315 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783676791 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236025486 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135112230 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351147677 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885354712 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009952519 that extends conf 1885354712 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452546661 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046025956 that extends conf 452546661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 351121072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 351121072 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310461769 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149914043 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78107849 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965602380 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185632832 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143474421 that extends conf 185632832 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661478747 that extends conf 351121072 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078472438 that extends conf 1661478747 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1757018814 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1618863155
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1618863155 originConf 1757018814
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
