msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 990684641 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1482344533 originConf 990684641
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51376124 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 1482344533 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1555793073 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841483227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982634822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 982634822 originConf 841483227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1589214445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948650013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 948650013 originConf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048903970 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374432753 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386677799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62309924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 62309924 originConf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700837405 that extends conf 1205321651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 424226973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 706915627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 706915627 originConf 424226973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953175805 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745512157 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
