msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 405252209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1917442783 originConf 405252209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210474732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 210474732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1855734078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1526062841 originConf 1855734078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 1526062841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 397318359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1661161169
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1661161169 originConf 397318359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 1971283804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747371038 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413550077 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 413550077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327539680 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570422884 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332234405 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1312348533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173059685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 173059685 originConf 1312348533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532756055 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012095985 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 754707140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 754707140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783218541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 783218541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917704874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 917704874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523359711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 225753796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 225753796 originConf 1523359711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418550995 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935870377 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251598484 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 449904787 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394608379 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376841938 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865067751 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053985019 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902007182 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981318588 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763247588 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550495884 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417283559 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414897169 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095482993 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186233274 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437832183 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158850436 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
