msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893772493 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948395645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925568390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 925568390 originConf 948395645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testDecreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testDecreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testDecreaseReplicationBeforeCommitting
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
