msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveVolumeBeingWritten
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1529529524 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1721218941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1721218941 originConf 1529529524
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875213146 that extends conf 1721218941 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 325086131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2094964984
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2094964984 originConf 325086131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786648440 that extends conf 2094964984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401400409 that extends conf 1786648440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794346506 that extends conf 2094964984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1363335339 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1890971367
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1890971367 originConf 1363335339
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389220225 that extends conf 1890971367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380305552 that extends conf 1389220225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033598243 that extends conf 1890971367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1789944633 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 694133472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 694133472 originConf 1789944633
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653253421 that extends conf 694133472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079530063 that extends conf 653253421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786076282 that extends conf 694133472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1348574215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 64219756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 64219756 originConf 1348574215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66298620 that extends conf 64219756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579062013 that extends conf 66298620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771645006 that extends conf 64219756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1901023017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1262657932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1262657932 originConf 1901023017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330863298 that extends conf 1262657932 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 376353409 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 659549435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 659549435 originConf 376353409
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638200998 that extends conf 659549435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581621890 that extends conf 638200998 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730593825 that extends conf 659549435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1939756007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1956733813
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1956733813 originConf 1939756007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489522545 that extends conf 1956733813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506721273 that extends conf 489522545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225200167 that extends conf 1956733813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1559054031 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658622975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 658622975 originConf 1559054031
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043173283 that extends conf 658622975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4064981 that extends conf 1043173283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123798031 that extends conf 658622975 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037667266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1699114145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1699114145 originConf 1037667266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742582260 that extends conf 1699114145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127111230 that extends conf 742582260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49710190 that extends conf 1699114145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580528505 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2108718813
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2108718813 originConf 1580528505
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779025115 that extends conf 2108718813 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 969215465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 575278955
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 575278955 originConf 969215465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966688375 that extends conf 575278955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484497353 that extends conf 966688375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557255953 that extends conf 575278955 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 190222164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 507327127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 507327127 originConf 190222164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698728846 that extends conf 507327127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239080411 that extends conf 698728846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140194255 that extends conf 507327127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198810262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 382191492
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 382191492 originConf 198810262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131085616 that extends conf 382191492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311112781 that extends conf 2131085616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307589193 that extends conf 382191492 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 186935922 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844375392
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1844375392 originConf 186935922
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117277539 that extends conf 1844375392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732329263 that extends conf 2117277539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036105231 that extends conf 1844375392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveVolumeBeingWritten
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.TestDataNodeHotSwapVolumes#testRemoveVolumeBeingWritten
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
