msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1059634518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1059634518 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50720817 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 50720817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572745406 that extends conf 1059634518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203409950
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 203409950 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827328832 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 203409950 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1391119179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 214313531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 214313531 originConf 1391119179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037942373 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015261478 that extends conf 1037942373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 7548983 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 742672280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 742672280 originConf 7548983
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424439581 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296928719 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828241083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 779018428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 779018428 originConf 828241083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 2050275256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178603358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 178603358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552179791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1911168986 originConf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154941313 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613332278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 8996952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 8996952 originConf 1613332278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933077874 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346377974 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1657842786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132379993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1132379993 originConf 1657842786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 1132379993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1132379993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 75356024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450589816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 450589816 originConf 75356024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 450589816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112135199 that extends conf 450589816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2029645118 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677984391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1677984391 originConf 2029645118
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596653154 that extends conf 1677984391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160546880 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141066548 that extends conf 1677984391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllDataBlocks1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
