msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRenameSnapshot
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 209360730 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673916398 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107579932 that extends conf 1673916398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754072705 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841537936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 701681793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 701681793 originConf 841537936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 470132045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 474933596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 474933596 originConf 470132045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 103118806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828088650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1156210828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1156210828 originConf 828088650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 681158875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348148678 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1721576219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80191608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 80191608 originConf 1721576219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1103505488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778877569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 639105046
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 639105046 originConf 1778877569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733947537 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1733947537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475759966 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 247795540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 247795540 originConf 1475759966
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596144422 that extends conf 247795540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360767 that extends conf 1596144422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238467882 that extends conf 247795540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 435297131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2112135199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2112135199 originConf 435297131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641030345 that extends conf 151515831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745903324 that extends conf 2112135199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRenameSnapshot
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testRenameSnapshot
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
