msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045036434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899929247
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 899929247 originConf 2045036434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625252058 that extends conf 899929247 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1713605602 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108440536 that extends conf 1713605602 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526062841 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920446957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 920446957 originConf 1526062841
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 708926121
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 708926121 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1561347421 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 708926121 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632841653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 569976699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 569976699 originConf 632841653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 569976699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668376627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598977164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 598977164 originConf 1668376627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810970264 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1909141817 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601702534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1601702534 originConf 1909141817
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926296244 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831717330 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187649742 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 816302479 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 532297836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 532297836 originConf 816302479
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765865093 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202813399 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956337311 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371932487 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909786389 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 909786389
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409962 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084863094 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468950278 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753692748 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 59465509 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641931089 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493590357 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868322126 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705356011 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11214996 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62669678 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1474549069 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467591241 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657210342 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1155765257 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081955711 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881881520 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1958183471 that extends conf 1601702534 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937338554 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503211384 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758603684 that extends conf 598977164 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35320956 that extends conf 532297836 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
