msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverCrashFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970767760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595321718
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1595321718 originConf 1970767760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369802474 that extends conf 1595321718 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 776792945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 138591571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 138591571 originConf 776792945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733263452 that extends conf 138591571 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417237459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 962016617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 962016617 originConf 1417237459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434552058 that extends conf 962016617 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1119169238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1613987075
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1613987075 originConf 1119169238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425642910 that extends conf 1613987075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116136027 that extends conf 1425642910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762861705 that extends conf 1613987075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1979854369 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163699217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 163699217 originConf 1979854369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733342310 that extends conf 163699217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765671153 that extends conf 733342310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996744075 that extends conf 163699217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 770874037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1185751539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1185751539 originConf 770874037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509037718 that extends conf 1185751539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455502974 that extends conf 1509037718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200584797 that extends conf 1185751539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1714882094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1039913792
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1039913792 originConf 1714882094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229320932 that extends conf 1039913792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691778472 that extends conf 1229320932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347124230 that extends conf 1039913792 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538288215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1312883836
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1312883836 originConf 538288215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676871371 that extends conf 1312883836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541031581 that extends conf 1676871371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275826449 that extends conf 1312883836 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970767760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 522301957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 522301957 originConf 1970767760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557934041 that extends conf 522301957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverCrashFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverCrashFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
