msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 666452347 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 163514547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 163514547 originConf 666452347
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060491709 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46927869 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128345909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913054584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1913054584 originConf 1128345909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106776433 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471559147 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 65151115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704805489
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1704805489 originConf 65151115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501896443 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514574367 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629375969 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763629649 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413201597 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061748300 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145350388 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324525822 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706658304 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218603258 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2039055140 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654140536 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613741328 that extends conf 163514547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201178995 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87703676 that extends conf 1704805489 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623991967 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737584713 that extends conf 1913054584 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052368398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 399056990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 399056990 originConf 2052368398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111966513 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1049133666 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368859430 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 607709015 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251719799 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833818531 that extends conf 1251719799 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385143184 that extends conf 399056990 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360157740 that extends conf 385143184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1483263084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 889716819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 889716819 originConf 1483263084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336275900 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518488709 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931237967 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300529104 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293569262 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323017156 that extends conf 293569262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424024603 that extends conf 889716819 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398663429 that extends conf 1424024603 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052368398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1479723443
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1479723443 originConf 2052368398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729581504 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497809518 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926631548 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157658193 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303201564 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570677531 that extends conf 303201564 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365889542 that extends conf 1479723443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717898106 that extends conf 365889542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1483263084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1336971684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1336971684 originConf 1483263084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981548491 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15765622 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307120962 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026749251 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461070234 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587781776 that extends conf 461070234 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484855572 that extends conf 1336971684 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486406825 that extends conf 484855572 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2038365975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1361693733
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1361693733 originConf 2038365975
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testListOpenFilesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
