msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615056168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 213193302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220695851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762074108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 762074108 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295485334 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360215046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1260467793 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364497552 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199657303 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311301396 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765125639 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878002477 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131005783 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188199659 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530801927 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740615423 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013152702 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804001544 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457284091 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126882486 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751891983 that extends conf 1260467793 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156757044 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082789815 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313728982 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3565780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1110698130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1110698130 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514214932 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379638773 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150787849 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611735594 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 822232612 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1110698130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1818449913
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1818449913 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245593227 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422540870 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168545222 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133436910 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1818449913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 98351968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 98351968 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000171161 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351101168 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985858317 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788000657 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 777813771 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1401295795 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 416049054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1609086753
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1609086753 originConf 416049054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115640742 that extends conf 1609086753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893835279 that extends conf 2115640742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988690806 that extends conf 1609086753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3565780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1955587357 originConf 3565780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020089065 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231211283 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654214194 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9983638 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559559860 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008907751 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903064416 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17331878 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1264941544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1842943543 originConf 1264941544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596997325 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889311863 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107308542 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142284165 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708350323 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557342904 that extends conf 708350323 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269339945 that extends conf 708350323 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394424498 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036324408 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453007883 that extends conf 394424498 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215759534 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 215759534
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516536489 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103774326 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870341778 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698680064 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117249632 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 117249632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585841343 that extends conf 117249632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537483956 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311315651 that extends conf 537483956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688917723 that extends conf 537483956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684942343 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23980656 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252186196 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822409149 that extends conf 36707189 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794563378 that extends conf 36707189 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086040075 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 958842212 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639836797 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592088871 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531782631 that extends conf 592088871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834842620 that extends conf 592088871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499310212 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778801068 that extends conf 499310212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490434838 that extends conf 499310212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1567175496 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134142111 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991337703 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561866744 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083222159 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655453553 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745571392 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809968973 that extends conf 745571392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827869767 that extends conf 745571392 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318209130 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726519676 that extends conf 1318209130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863103905 that extends conf 1318209130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356384732 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1789748899 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54610220 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363288105 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85293290 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570544426 that extends conf 1955587357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnWriteWithFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
