msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInANNShouldNotThrowNPE
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227755469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 227755469 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819940427 that extends conf 227755469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086068243 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 188791662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1687627235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1687627235 originConf 188791662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388802347 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627010197 that extends conf 388802347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156199931 that extends conf 1687627235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008159348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2008159348 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817941759 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 2008159348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981159997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 981159997 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556061855 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1113414982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1113414982 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871580398 that extends conf 1113414982 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInANNShouldNotThrowNPE
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testEnterSafeModeInANNShouldNotThrowNPE
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
