msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationAfterDeletion
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944752500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 944752500 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137078855 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540476618 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028472807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 226586078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 226586078 originConf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247644034 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1774468680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 456785282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 456785282 originConf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883830050 that extends conf 456785282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52487168 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 456785282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationAfterDeletion
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestSnapshotReplication#testReplicationAfterDeletion
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
