msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 883151184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 769530879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 769530879 originConf 883151184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 769530879 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 252615006 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 252615006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658487789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1658487789 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1658487789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340387193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1340387193 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027650005 that extends conf 1340387193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470730018 that extends conf 1027650005 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783686677 that extends conf 1340387193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
