msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#createFileSystem
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042790962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399701152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1399701152 originConf 1042790962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019826979 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594791957 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988644427 that extends conf 1594791957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1068232840 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498134055 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 116356643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1720746883 originConf 116356643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495257933 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734079 that extends conf 1495257933 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792381498 that extends conf 1720746883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882706486 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1791589252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1791589252 originConf 882706486
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225114731 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1050149826 that extends conf 1225114731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060549703 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186989416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1928174253
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1928174253 originConf 1186989416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620112330 that extends conf 1928174253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 1620112330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017530134 that extends conf 1928174253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 657998502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 766101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 766101 originConf 657998502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919555524 that extends conf 766101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 1919555524 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120072844 that extends conf 766101 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015659282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 392403246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 392403246 originConf 1015659282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645208036 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066366456 that extends conf 645208036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 392403246 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 482032955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 960004592
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 960004592 originConf 482032955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691854979 that extends conf 893320639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673129458 that extends conf 960004592 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1625111587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9983638
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 9983638 originConf 1625111587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311052922 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356054329 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219637204 that extends conf 9983638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1723498053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212924259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 212924259 originConf 1723498053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453007883 that extends conf 212924259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934729582 that extends conf 212924259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252247502 that extends conf 1988644427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#createFileSystem
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#createFileSystem
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
