msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedPreadDFSBasic
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 915349526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 574268151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 574268151 originConf 915349526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518331471 that extends conf 574268151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2023917549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 428996455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 428996455 originConf 2023917549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 428996455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224060798 that extends conf 1632789609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 428996455 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 112797307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1027200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1027200 originConf 112797307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365575811 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102103410 that extends conf 1365575811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 834824701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 5021240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 5021240 originConf 834824701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989219205 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842952737 that extends conf 1989219205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082865087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1521389237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1521389237 originConf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244263056 that extends conf 1521389237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 1244263056 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455064947 that extends conf 1521389237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1416415959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1292570580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1292570580 originConf 1416415959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277678493 that extends conf 1292570580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 552416003 that extends conf 1277678493 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995531141 that extends conf 1292570580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1048903970 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1523034648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1523034648 originConf 1048903970
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487764004 that extends conf 1523034648 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1165568071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810576909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 810576909 originConf 1165568071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775423528 that extends conf 810576909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205321651 that extends conf 775423528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394349340 that extends conf 810576909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1235686146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 118504112
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 118504112 originConf 1235686146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 118504112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708350323 that extends conf 1809995046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303846650 that extends conf 118504112 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1781459498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1916720513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1916720513 originConf 1781459498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997918120 that extends conf 1916720513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081344572 that extends conf 997918120 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179060558 that extends conf 1916720513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 194408994 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1035357140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1035357140 originConf 194408994
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 1035357140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477520324 that extends conf 892237946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775741122 that extends conf 1035357140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1557534595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1123664282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1123664282 originConf 1557534595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521746054 that extends conf 1123664282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66774422 that extends conf 521746054 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698784309 that extends conf 1123664282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117885704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 496425074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 496425074 originConf 117885704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778801068 that extends conf 496425074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759313234 that extends conf 1778801068 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529949842 that extends conf 496425074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedPreadDFSBasic
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestPread#testHedgedPreadDFSBasic
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
