msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1864230087 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604002113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1604002113 originConf 1864230087
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1604002113 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862674654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 417875774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331748029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687501326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 687501326 originConf 331748029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638249646 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830969563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1177101170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1177101170 originConf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823758059 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 451959555 that extends conf 823758059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 348148678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1944138464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1944138464 originConf 348148678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594195094 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604616170 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653337757 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454440929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 454440929 originConf 653337757
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455177644 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1082528716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989440614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 989440614 originConf 1082528716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489070295 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897221921 that extends conf 489070295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1837533591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 989033734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 989033734 originConf 1837533591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913806791 that extends conf 1688770224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 989033734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineImageViewer.TestOfflineImageViewerWithStripedBlocks#testFileLargerThanABlockGroup1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
