msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 211649273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1932244589 originConf 211649273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285072597 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800959603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1800959603 originConf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128077491 that extends conf 1980194149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9843062 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090894907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868987089 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041263297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703644914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 703644914 originConf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337545117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 628933116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 628933116 originConf 337545117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859153769 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484982263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1292325833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1292325833 originConf 1484982263
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2048869869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212416033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 212416033 originConf 2048869869
msx-rc 0
