msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testVolumeFailures
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9190301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1623009085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1623009085 originConf 9190301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1623009085 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123226989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 645875534
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 645875534 originConf 1123226989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1556162268 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144644334 that extends conf 1556162268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335061928 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 137123763 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1144897090
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1144897090 originConf 137123763
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 1094199074 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 1144897090 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 817941759
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 817941759 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 2094115865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 817941759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 923013679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 280223635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 280223635 originConf 923013679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985487390 that extends conf 280223635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 985487390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1637601612 that extends conf 280223635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testVolumeFailures
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.metrics.TestNameNodeMetrics#testVolumeFailures
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
