msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1281414889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333040629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 333040629 originConf 1281414889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22004208 that extends conf 333040629 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 537265886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 537265886 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1883830050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1487230025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1487230025 originConf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1487230025 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 869290854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 869290854 originConf 920446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687501326 that extends conf 869290854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 972843820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1655955258 originConf 972843820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438000681 that extends conf 1655955258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 1655955258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585711807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1532756055 originConf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657998502 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272744797 that extends conf 657998502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 838627755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 176097974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 176097974 originConf 838627755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476061571 that extends conf 336927685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704600661 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783218541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 783218541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917704874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 917704874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523359711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 225753796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 225753796 originConf 1523359711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418550995 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935870377 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992666026 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653671867 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470181722 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840920233 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308884668 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1644941851 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1148210129 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808613438 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570341145 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67790819 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054446328 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 236944502 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456460175 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1667273081 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41037029 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526647883 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
