msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 341796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 105966264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1731763384
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1731763384 originConf 105966264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1170111701 that extends conf 1731763384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854653864 that extends conf 1170111701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 1731763384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882116496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 94682872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 94682872 originConf 1882116496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238874235 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539088279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553879264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 553879264 originConf 1539088279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 492252770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1017792343 originConf 492252770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1017792343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 242408359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296928719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1296928719 originConf 242408359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1296928719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1296928719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 428245792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1647243882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1647243882 originConf 428245792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 699871906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1658785779
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1658785779 originConf 699871906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1658785779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 1658785779 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1353838640 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1599556802 originConf 1353838640
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653337757 that extends conf 1599556802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 653337757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1599556802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699443392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44278425
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 44278425 originConf 1699443392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499418021 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenFavoredNodesNotPresent
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenFavoredNodesNotPresent
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testWhenFavoredNodesNotPresent
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
