msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testRecoverAfterIncompleteRecovery
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 455538610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1226622409 originConf 455538610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191654595 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2072724423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2058135834 originConf 2072724423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826865256 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348055829 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1508181426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 988850650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 988850650 originConf 1508181426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100929741 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808009213 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44275614 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833437994 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549417080 that extends conf 1226622409 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664047158 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017610730 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454334969 that extends conf 2058135834 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665522834 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835107532 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933793906 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723290893 that extends conf 988850650 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1723290893 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 893640573
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 893640573 originConf 1723290893
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839206329 that extends conf 893640573 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037163664 that extends conf 893640573 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testRecoverAfterIncompleteRecovery
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testRecoverAfterIncompleteRecovery
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
