msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1443755539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072439102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072439102 originConf 1443755539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335238322 that extends conf 1072439102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150657356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357574656
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1357574656 originConf 1150657356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963830790 that extends conf 1357574656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596794392 that extends conf 1963830790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109569787 that extends conf 1357574656 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1961957857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1234042964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1234042964 originConf 1961957857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201030303 that extends conf 1234042964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182275804 that extends conf 1201030303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229263912 that extends conf 1234042964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1433268848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1516567701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1516567701 originConf 1433268848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362663917 that extends conf 1516567701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269967326 that extends conf 362663917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689412302 that extends conf 1516567701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1339994494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688138471
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1688138471 originConf 1339994494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537743605 that extends conf 1688138471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112124577 that extends conf 1537743605 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506240297 that extends conf 1688138471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1092351037 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 943817412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 943817412 originConf 1092351037
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721055070 that extends conf 943817412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725974513 that extends conf 721055070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730637788 that extends conf 943817412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113376980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704101441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1704101441 originConf 2113376980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106316031 that extends conf 1704101441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238512143 that extends conf 1106316031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932880304 that extends conf 1704101441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 370764738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 709476894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 709476894 originConf 370764738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771133075 that extends conf 709476894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534886443 that extends conf 1771133075 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183359210 that extends conf 709476894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 727532302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 498388282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 498388282 originConf 727532302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725963368 that extends conf 498388282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86201649 that extends conf 1725963368 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1888378001 that extends conf 498388282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28734559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 747039665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 747039665 originConf 28734559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367890472 that extends conf 747039665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509214535 that extends conf 367890472 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404508546 that extends conf 747039665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testMultiplePoliciesCoExist
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
