msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicasInDirectory
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1427646530 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 702061917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 702061917 originConf 1427646530
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925973605 that extends conf 702061917 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1213871206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371976476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 371976476 originConf 1213871206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 371976476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 403598020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380044647 that extends conf 371976476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137078855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 127356954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 127356954 originConf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500379239 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587872480 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557725225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2108708444
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2108708444 originConf 557725225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 214313531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936628786 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 764358458 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846539844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1846539844 originConf 764358458
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424439581 that extends conf 85357160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681747431 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicasInDirectory
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestCacheDirectives#testWaitForCachedReplicasInDirectory
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
