msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 52913970
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 52913970 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 2116299597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144445623 that extends conf 52913970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500379239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1500379239 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933129092 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1500379239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428726828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1824570614 originConf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49547843 that extends conf 1824570614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755328698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 486348917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 486348917 originConf 755328698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829966070 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009916891 that extends conf 486348917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1616438581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 1616438581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1132369181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1809129176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1809129176 originConf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050275256 that extends conf 2063786038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1965036946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1033880954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1033880954 originConf 1965036946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250644519 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542856295 that extends conf 1033880954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437129801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2115087165 originConf 1437129801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298557761 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949126165 that extends conf 2115087165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468776694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2063009760 originConf 468776694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865617081 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 2063009760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 50345623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761863997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 761863997 originConf 50345623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368153528 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 761863997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688770224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174714624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1174714624 originConf 1688770224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352378889 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896134613 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546217718 that extends conf 1174714624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1871312485 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1596653154 originConf 1871312485
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 959834536 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814245389 that extends conf 1596653154 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2034975583 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648358364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 648358364 originConf 2034975583
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030121719 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333529571 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492822331 that extends conf 648358364 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 675833472 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 8197402
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 8197402 originConf 675833472
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418245573 that extends conf 8197402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476973576 that extends conf 1418245573 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244577237 that extends conf 8197402 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 435175610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 56510351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 56510351 originConf 435175610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557705922 that extends conf 56510351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056566350 that extends conf 557705922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490630452 that extends conf 56510351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1936375962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1423752095 originConf 1936375962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1896708863 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917161212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1917161212 originConf 1896708863
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320869181 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1320869181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291847739 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 763677574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 635001030
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 635001030 originConf 763677574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260043537 that extends conf 635001030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642538759 that extends conf 1260043537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456265041 that extends conf 635001030 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
