msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903064416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311052922
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1311052922 originConf 903064416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629759610 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 1629759610 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 1311052922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1370597622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 453007883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 453007883 originConf 1370597622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122118227 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182678201 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007664442 that extends conf 453007883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585841343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1724399560
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1724399560 originConf 1585841343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124261761 that extends conf 1724399560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477520324 that extends conf 2124261761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066945445 that extends conf 1724399560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 274426173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2021854618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2021854618 originConf 274426173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929476736 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420599919 that extends conf 1929476736 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131301148 that extends conf 2021854618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1352913142 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158460163
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 158460163 originConf 1352913142
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920632751 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041638599 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534662976 that extends conf 158460163 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173197870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827099978
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 827099978 originConf 173197870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227438915 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754978432 that extends conf 1227438915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 827099978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081952435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418299920
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 418299920 originConf 2081952435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 87845070 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13001549 that extends conf 87845070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657697023 that extends conf 418299920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299885218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1591683105 originConf 1299885218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536671860 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 536671860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 327986890 that extends conf 1591683105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560858993 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:45656: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:45656: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[18]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
