msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1016612968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704412300
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1704412300 originConf 1016612968
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250295693 that extends conf 1704412300 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367727392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 940444761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 940444761 originConf 1367727392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471540348 that extends conf 940444761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721619410 that extends conf 1471540348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177771628 that extends conf 940444761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 197243878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1563248131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1563248131 originConf 197243878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318956586 that extends conf 1563248131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122179157 that extends conf 1318956586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729535457 that extends conf 1563248131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1282473384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1761328324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1761328324 originConf 1282473384
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1282473384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 135698116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 135698116 originConf 1282473384
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 934329993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106397632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1106397632 originConf 934329993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103867652 that extends conf 1106397632 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 297464844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1016128942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1016128942 originConf 297464844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135908132 that extends conf 1016128942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342666493 that extends conf 1135908132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301715799 that extends conf 1016128942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 343485352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228884625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1228884625 originConf 343485352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441216329 that extends conf 1228884625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164687593 that extends conf 1441216329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699212246 that extends conf 1228884625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 738886190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442128467
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 442128467 originConf 738886190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134842907 that extends conf 442128467 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959408623 that extends conf 134842907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121180928 that extends conf 442128467 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1282473384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1732130946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.3 uniqueConf 1732130946 originConf 1282473384
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1282473384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112214213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.4 uniqueConf 112214213 originConf 1282473384
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
