msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 335076821 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161204685
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 161204685 originConf 335076821
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202111617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1162240023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1162240023 originConf 202111617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011873380 that extends conf 1162240023 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1162240023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961062109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1961062109 originConf 1162240023
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 155931366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899470217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 899470217 originConf 155931366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709491875 that extends conf 899470217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896043354 that extends conf 1709491875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138758579 that extends conf 899470217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497882711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 702347031
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 702347031 originConf 497882711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825726813 that extends conf 702347031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1236314603 that extends conf 1825726813 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754132987 that extends conf 702347031 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1798372352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 109469152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 109469152 originConf 1798372352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363704675 that extends conf 109469152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943049086 that extends conf 363704675 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137192217 that extends conf 109469152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 471740892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 434737884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 434737884 originConf 471740892
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 471740892 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 906676128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:SecondaryNameNode.1 uniqueConf 906676128 originConf 471740892
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 906676128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1619060742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.4 uniqueConf 1619060742 originConf 906676128
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1763773519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2139561917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2139561917 originConf 1763773519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046849165 that extends conf 2139561917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 285842937 that extends conf 1046849165 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 311988619 that extends conf 2139561917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1971818667 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128566588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2128566588 originConf 1971818667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469141646 that extends conf 2128566588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932801587 that extends conf 1469141646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562890052 that extends conf 2128566588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473768293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091571546
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2091571546 originConf 473768293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877198321 that extends conf 2091571546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423084771 that extends conf 1877198321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662811180 that extends conf 2091571546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202111617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074230426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1074230426 originConf 202111617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470813744 that extends conf 1074230426 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1074230426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 432392479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.5 uniqueConf 432392479 originConf 1074230426
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestPersistentStoragePolicySatisfier#testWithCheckpoint
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
