msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveWithBlockPinning
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 445991013 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1925182904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1925182904 originConf 445991013
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 632363504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1584665912
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1584665912 originConf 632363504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22431248 that extends conf 1584665912 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1584665912 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1218744355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1218744355 originConf 1584665912
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 256965446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 840520678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 840520678 originConf 256965446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949665986 that extends conf 840520678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313058185 that extends conf 949665986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029091058 that extends conf 840520678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 907562843 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1306261125
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1306261125 originConf 907562843
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940114775 that extends conf 1306261125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001457588 that extends conf 1940114775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423036014 that extends conf 1306261125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1115838743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 581442194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 581442194 originConf 1115838743
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9055278 that extends conf 581442194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926665022 that extends conf 9055278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473523900 that extends conf 581442194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 435069341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 435069341 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1492177546 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 565492159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 565492159 originConf 1492177546
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76672320 that extends conf 565492159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82948757 that extends conf 76672320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348822662 that extends conf 565492159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 663400675 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 463580699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 463580699 originConf 663400675
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665770635 that extends conf 463580699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 935703272 that extends conf 1665770635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109888843 that extends conf 463580699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357597179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 821023372
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 821023372 originConf 357597179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173873363 that extends conf 821023372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123142836 that extends conf 173873363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074012370 that extends conf 821023372 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveWithBlockPinning
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testMoveWithBlockPinning
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
