msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddStripedBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531996439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1682543662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1682543662 originConf 1531996439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509501059 that extends conf 1682543662 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1863764915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 647684976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 647684976 originConf 1863764915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756036995 that extends conf 647684976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084283398 that extends conf 756036995 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071447039 that extends conf 647684976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 906222261 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1222235764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1222235764 originConf 906222261
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715015662 that extends conf 1222235764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563517427 that extends conf 715015662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955707092 that extends conf 1222235764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818990777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 815695622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 815695622 originConf 818990777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882645978 that extends conf 815695622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100676253 that extends conf 1882645978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 25810541 that extends conf 815695622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1241620022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 996358288
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 996358288 originConf 1241620022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 751915553 that extends conf 996358288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471070401 that extends conf 751915553 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391909499 that extends conf 996358288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319653965 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199172338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 199172338 originConf 1319653965
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248571400 that extends conf 199172338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979503723 that extends conf 1248571400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525838272 that extends conf 199172338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1786035612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1308168096
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1308168096 originConf 1786035612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313696303 that extends conf 1308168096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724026010 that extends conf 313696303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1262842713 that extends conf 1308168096 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 135355779 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1196004892
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1196004892 originConf 135355779
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088313036 that extends conf 1196004892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722064611 that extends conf 2088313036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689953834 that extends conf 1196004892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962504738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774048158
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1774048158 originConf 1962504738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936995898 that extends conf 1774048158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663662634 that extends conf 1936995898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858277038 that extends conf 1774048158 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2137324896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1949948756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1949948756 originConf 2137324896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508518093 that extends conf 1949948756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340591997 that extends conf 508518093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310273803 that extends conf 1949948756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531996439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 419957911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 419957911 originConf 1531996439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095502910 that extends conf 419957911 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531996439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1319752565
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1319752565 originConf 1531996439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762956297 that extends conf 1319752565 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddStripedBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddStripedBlocks#testAddStripedBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
