msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 619985571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 619985571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009326765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 7548983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 7548983 originConf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 7548983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 275754769 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651235118
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 651235118 originConf 275754769
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090695601 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141015648 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 141015648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1423586012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803768841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 803768841 originConf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753259207 that extends conf 1378280450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806572546 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1428022141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788256184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1788256184 originConf 1428022141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 5021240 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1106468732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1392271025
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1392271025 originConf 1106468732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 1392271025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556945462 that extends conf 159562640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465839591 that extends conf 1392271025 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 31366484 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 103394766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 103394766 originConf 31366484
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273041802 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608108604 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909141817 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 187649742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81194567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 81194567 originConf 187649742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568159144 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935689965 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427226423 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73351708 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371932487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 774095232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 774095232 originConf 371932487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2142450580 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103067610 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445192925 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366741625 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957338226 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 373342545
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 373342545 originConf 1957338226
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126112943 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212874257 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280959582 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491890454 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023344953 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073427864 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590884726 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419166053 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109377030 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947574058 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2136069505 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553989116 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691083082 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832524220 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936000960 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437918981 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172076504 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918495985 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182443590 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333310889 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777008507 that extends conf 373342545 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023439318 that extends conf 774095232 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486030989 that extends conf 103394766 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617420601 that extends conf 81194567 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
