msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDualPortDFS
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1850597787
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1850597787 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179808568 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 179808568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1850597787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238874235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1526305386 originConf 238874235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 190153364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665512315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 665512315 originConf 190153364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991386317 that extends conf 665512315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962826086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2078154554
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2078154554 originConf 1962826086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248495761 that extends conf 2078154554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835426017 that extends conf 248495761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386020581 that extends conf 2078154554 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1249337777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 78377968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 78377968 originConf 1249337777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 78377968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739703515 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685219002 that extends conf 78377968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380216561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2008907751 originConf 380216561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775423528 that extends conf 1802029863 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638525764 that extends conf 2008907751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1799831668 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1529842358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1529842358 originConf 1799831668
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1529842358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066582857 that extends conf 1235686146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1529842358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1901663135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846568576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1846568576 originConf 1901663135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 1846568576 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123862502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481402298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 481402298 originConf 1123862502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440295203 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232886115 that extends conf 440295203 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231351829 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809968973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1196716338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1196716338 originConf 809968973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564555077 that extends conf 1196716338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352913142 that extends conf 564555077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421163163 that extends conf 1196716338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217827560 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393481646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 393481646 originConf 217827560
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897801829 that extends conf 393481646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117043942 that extends conf 897801829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171713907 that extends conf 393481646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470400901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1359603919
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1359603919 originConf 1470400901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551994588 that extends conf 1359603919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826690115 that extends conf 551994588 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633683828 that extends conf 1359603919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDualPortDFS
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRestartDFS#testRestartDualPortDFS
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
