msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259551809 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163228011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1163228011 originConf 259551809
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835276171 that extends conf 1163228011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1385526435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 784401460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 784401460 originConf 1385526435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265806698 that extends conf 784401460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371050577 that extends conf 1265806698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978133923 that extends conf 784401460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818209945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 241910752
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 241910752 originConf 818209945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420231949 that extends conf 241910752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942637393 that extends conf 420231949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408483768 that extends conf 241910752 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1435226587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1590041512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1590041512 originConf 1435226587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729580175 that extends conf 1590041512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768160056 that extends conf 1729580175 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043019691 that extends conf 1590041512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1578281622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2122781755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2122781755 originConf 1578281622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073473871 that extends conf 2122781755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267074710 that extends conf 2073473871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510733050 that extends conf 2122781755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 900830104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1512800051
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1512800051 originConf 900830104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421818141 that extends conf 1512800051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106080267 that extends conf 421818141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988220875 that extends conf 1512800051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1782413117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 476252019
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 476252019 originConf 1782413117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214994626 that extends conf 476252019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844623472 that extends conf 214994626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367509094 that extends conf 476252019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861832786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999489476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1999489476 originConf 861832786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800401759 that extends conf 1999489476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411225821 that extends conf 800401759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019516490 that extends conf 1999489476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 920094178 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1400986463
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1400986463 originConf 920094178
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928986912 that extends conf 1400986463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421951241 that extends conf 1928986912 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803010994 that extends conf 1400986463 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1547909283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 339307277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 339307277 originConf 1547909283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133338211 that extends conf 339307277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362291443 that extends conf 133338211 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948660167 that extends conf 339307277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2085908468 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1963544414
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1963544414 originConf 2085908468
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773750120 that extends conf 1963544414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879622709 that extends conf 773750120 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131501962 that extends conf 1963544414 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2137537898 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 693397903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 693397903 originConf 2137537898
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249014394 that extends conf 693397903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648838724 that extends conf 1249014394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1483449325 that extends conf 693397903 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileSmallerThanOneCell2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
