msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 324579982 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2002097394
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2002097394 originConf 324579982
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871542036 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435175610 that extends conf 1871542036 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949314262 that extends conf 2002097394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2027837674 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1087440001
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1087440001 originConf 2027837674
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540219992 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 1540219992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676428380 that extends conf 1087440001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 27053221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1442342557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1442342557 originConf 27053221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368955890 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 368955890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 1442342557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 655713354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1473143631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1473143631 originConf 655713354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248598189 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519100796 that extends conf 1248598189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775741122 that extends conf 1473143631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 700631078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 837233852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 837233852 originConf 700631078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539995236 that extends conf 837233852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277601240 that extends conf 1539995236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490434838 that extends conf 837233852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1578244276 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677590477
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1677590477 originConf 1578244276
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358169683 that extends conf 1677590477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678623942 that extends conf 1358169683 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188671176 that extends conf 1677590477 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876881599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1775897362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1775897362 originConf 876881599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196717412 that extends conf 1775897362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223783590 that extends conf 196717412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595663369 that extends conf 1775897362 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 956365425 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865982601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1865982601 originConf 956365425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124288521 that extends conf 1865982601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910101408 that extends conf 1124288521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769507769 that extends conf 1865982601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569959775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814753967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 814753967 originConf 569959775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885991756 that extends conf 814753967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779219567 that extends conf 885991756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255395942 that extends conf 814753967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724525007 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:42220: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:42220: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[29]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
