msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNonExistentDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 218314832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 657188552
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 657188552 originConf 218314832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826898319 that extends conf 657188552 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 594234602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095405176
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1095405176 originConf 594234602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738040206 that extends conf 1095405176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463699785 that extends conf 1738040206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70606526 that extends conf 1095405176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 984963470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1328379095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1328379095 originConf 984963470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512330719 that extends conf 1328379095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276625956 that extends conf 512330719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165110254 that extends conf 1328379095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1334692731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1945272435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1945272435 originConf 1334692731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825187162 that extends conf 1945272435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902057212 that extends conf 825187162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288464846 that extends conf 1945272435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521293358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 940792432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 940792432 originConf 521293358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572507944 that extends conf 940792432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527004556 that extends conf 572507944 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665933746 that extends conf 940792432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1685929828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1246986999
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1246986999 originConf 1685929828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 786243523 that extends conf 1246986999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031208299 that extends conf 786243523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315328802 that extends conf 1246986999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1520320687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1845215617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1845215617 originConf 1520320687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130312039 that extends conf 1845215617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 111608535 that extends conf 1130312039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645155383 that extends conf 1845215617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 146735923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 217609886
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 217609886 originConf 146735923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1812528979 that extends conf 217609886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579057910 that extends conf 1812528979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756199723 that extends conf 217609886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1646485723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 571423985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 571423985 originConf 1646485723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096149428 that extends conf 571423985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814912547 that extends conf 2096149428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672993375 that extends conf 571423985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455402329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436256474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 436256474 originConf 1455402329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921741991 that extends conf 436256474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705317732 that extends conf 1921741991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801255257 that extends conf 436256474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNonExistentDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testNonExistentDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
