msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 552936351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 552936351 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 459718907 that extends conf 552936351 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 371397455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 480184864
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 480184864 originConf 371397455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123914473 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846982837 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 480184864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1919125229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1475842502 originConf 1919125229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24334184 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 540092563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428726828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1428726828 originConf 540092563
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36550900 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 201804812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1009326765 originConf 201804812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 742672280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245530164 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 779018428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814377348
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 814377348 originConf 779018428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699265405 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22668134 that extends conf 814377348 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425405511 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1552179791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1911168986 originConf 1552179791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739210872 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 216746962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 939475028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 939475028 originConf 216746962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 939475028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 939475028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223867739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360332263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1360332263 originConf 1223867739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881419576 that extends conf 1360332263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSEditLogLoader#testAddNewStripedBlock[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
