msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1285418035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453749509
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1453749509 originConf 1285418035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88447841 that extends conf 1453749509 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862943686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 218930840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 218930840 originConf 1862943686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785755890 that extends conf 218930840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256984411 that extends conf 785755890 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70619143 that extends conf 218930840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 216935549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899389699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1899389699 originConf 216935549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495277589 that extends conf 1899389699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262628720 that extends conf 495277589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 784655868 that extends conf 1899389699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963977329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1067291579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1067291579 originConf 963977329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599616723 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696900715 that extends conf 599616723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733046850 that extends conf 1067291579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208480557 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513906346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1513906346 originConf 208480557
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1118363086 that extends conf 1513906346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179228908 that extends conf 1118363086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908893064 that extends conf 1513906346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 953990574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1812747008
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1812747008 originConf 953990574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972758083 that extends conf 1812747008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889392246 that extends conf 972758083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127484390 that extends conf 1812747008 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 689156281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 63683411
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 63683411 originConf 689156281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3082050 that extends conf 63683411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736973791 that extends conf 3082050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060376829 that extends conf 63683411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 449643632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 314473819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 314473819 originConf 449643632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987450938 that extends conf 314473819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789698453 that extends conf 987450938 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509139054 that extends conf 314473819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1786041231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759178930
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1759178930 originConf 1786041231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916022210 that extends conf 1759178930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083034886 that extends conf 916022210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 550532305 that extends conf 1759178930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1687036475 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541090424
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 541090424 originConf 1687036475
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350051243 that extends conf 541090424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395977893 that extends conf 350051243 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2132157032 that extends conf 541090424 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testErasureCodingPolicyOnReservedDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
