msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRollback#testRollback
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515273883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 616412281
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 616412281 originConf 515273883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734184086 that extends conf 616412281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 1734184086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116299597 that extends conf 616412281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 703644914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319061373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 319061373 originConf 703644914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625111587 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1881419576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008666311 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536478396 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 182949133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415979460
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1415979460 originConf 182949133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706883010 that extends conf 1415979460 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746458880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1605190078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1605190078 originConf 1746458880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1242427797 that extends conf 1605190078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2060799061 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296612741 that extends conf 1605190078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809968973 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726519676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1726519676 originConf 809968973
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955502880 that extends conf 1726519676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 576191199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2049121789
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2049121789 originConf 576191199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876259196 that extends conf 2049121789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022251996 that extends conf 1876259196 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097989776 that extends conf 2049121789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1839182545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 92575452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 92575452 originConf 1839182545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 92575452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1607020784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269006535
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1269006535 originConf 1607020784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194402391 that extends conf 1269006535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7646139 that extends conf 194402391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270734602 that extends conf 1269006535 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779219567 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 34032089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 34032089 originConf 1779219567
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061806694 that extends conf 34032089 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1429133319 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1931008760
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1931008760 originConf 1429133319
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1410008136 that extends conf 1931008760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069531012 that extends conf 1410008136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010983633 that extends conf 1931008760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2089104518 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 608108604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 608108604 originConf 2089104518
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449664175 that extends conf 608108604 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2084863094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101740901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 101740901 originConf 2084863094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673389762 that extends conf 101740901 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356419559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 555740147
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 555740147 originConf 1356419559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906029492 that extends conf 555740147 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053832786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 268086000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 268086000 originConf 1053832786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504634946 that extends conf 268086000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750795985 that extends conf 504634946 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920098017 that extends conf 268086000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1611966906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242874959
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1242874959 originConf 1611966906
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973174587 that extends conf 1242874959 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501261420 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 345893819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 345893819 originConf 501261420
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135870515 that extends conf 345893819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896945135 that extends conf 1135870515 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760020675 that extends conf 345893819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1979325411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 426052262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 426052262 originConf 1979325411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1714539364 that extends conf 426052262 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1619773688 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1241395522
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1241395522 originConf 1619773688
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969875555 that extends conf 1241395522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551421413 that extends conf 1969875555 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704143329 that extends conf 1241395522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 438897070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1119277260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 1119277260 originConf 438897070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428664849 that extends conf 1119277260 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1537371824 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 279963418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 279963418 originConf 1537371824
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167550865 that extends conf 279963418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568450200 that extends conf 167550865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508720236 that extends conf 279963418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465869765 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 306889029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 306889029 originConf 465869765
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1707293586 that extends conf 306889029 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1127856876 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539827598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1539827598 originConf 1127856876
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707892422 that extends conf 1539827598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536399059 that extends conf 707892422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613912455 that extends conf 1539827598 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623757508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677976140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.14 uniqueConf 1677976140 originConf 623757508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626961003 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2042120257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 125549276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.15 uniqueConf 125549276 originConf 2042120257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389984438 that extends conf 125549276 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRollback#testRollback
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSRollback#testRollback
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
