msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133266820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 332070346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 332070346 originConf 1133266820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99039915 that extends conf 332070346 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 141557739 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855363579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1855363579 originConf 141557739
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823703237 that extends conf 1855363579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435453824 that extends conf 823703237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486586883 that extends conf 1855363579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1841552600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518958099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1518958099 originConf 1841552600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324441580 that extends conf 1518958099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442101588 that extends conf 324441580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011498205 that extends conf 1518958099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 729859621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 632655428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 632655428 originConf 729859621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013609930 that extends conf 632655428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766940863 that extends conf 2013609930 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199415115 that extends conf 632655428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 306711825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 112443371
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 112443371 originConf 306711825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159143408 that extends conf 112443371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484973453 that extends conf 159143408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063267057 that extends conf 112443371 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 509902115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61028693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61028693 originConf 509902115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427369468 that extends conf 61028693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702142711 that extends conf 427369468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704802062 that extends conf 61028693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110082768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 615555224
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 615555224 originConf 2110082768
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2110082768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747473065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1747473065 originConf 2110082768
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
