msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434015813 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876823802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 876823802 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 517693873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 257718694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 257718694 originConf 517693873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1377160602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178603358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 178603358 originConf 1377160602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115397800 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1415545023 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312843412 that extends conf 2042884127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65438140 that extends conf 1415545023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 918899286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481594007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1481594007 originConf 918899286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592763413 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 1592763413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511651343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368153528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 368153528 originConf 511651343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264701638 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678962690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 959834536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 959834536 originConf 678962690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659115590 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726715997 that extends conf 659115590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701724503 that extends conf 959834536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAnyBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
