msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransferVerySmallWrite
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1104443373 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104443373 originConf 1104443373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 1104443373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 36531985 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 36531985 originConf 36531985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 1135935001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438151297 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 355415944 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 355415944 originConf 355415944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425262481 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1434209654 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1434209654 originConf 1434209654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011671606 that extends conf 1434209654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406603807 that extends conf 2011671606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448106005 that extends conf 1434209654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233184227 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706457214 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129526337 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008694248 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38799414 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628055050 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720285157 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966569940 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1884693290 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003817731 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678900405 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765425858 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1026417119 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145917843 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006863945 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673802789 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1213166505 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537036336 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113453618 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574503594 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994908840 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081894403 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943948884 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372465532 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271083940 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606521961 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741604080 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921320744 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33477140 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880416491 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1208559740 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111589608 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325406820 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739876722 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800393181 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126507623 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738967248 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114719114 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808958703 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096971899 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944753810 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323011238 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373067573 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795093351 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753749379 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951929453 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214546011 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594442164 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945176474 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151615358 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897009784 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100871547 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283122286 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 371460905 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879604615 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569550112 that extends conf 355415944 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransferVerySmallWrite
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorNormalTransferVerySmallWrite
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
