msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 58890945 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 436094532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 436094532 originConf 58890945
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488600086 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 488600086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434015813 that extends conf 436094532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876823802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 876823802 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 517693873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 257718694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 257718694 originConf 517693873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 52487168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1857910993 originConf 52487168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626626764 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862674654 that extends conf 1857910993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005093407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470132045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 470132045 originConf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28145535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1425405511 originConf 28145535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959758632 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 308021294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 308021294 originConf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 1229184766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 308021294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 761863997 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533662221
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1533662221 originConf 761863997
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78265654 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 148891937 that extends conf 78265654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99132505 that extends conf 1533662221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 121466124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 961983234
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 961983234 originConf 121466124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215478702 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37268876 that extends conf 215478702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400582895 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 969811954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360533184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1360533184 originConf 969811954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687892306 that extends conf 1360533184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906448455 that extends conf 687892306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693003105 that extends conf 1360533184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverOneDataBlock2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
