msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188791662
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 188791662 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1196963249 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681094402 that extends conf 188791662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260638966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 260638966 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24334184 that extends conf 2035801202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1618099562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897368146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1897368146 originConf 1618099562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 1897368146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1591954203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638471954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1638471954 originConf 1591954203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704600661 that extends conf 1638471954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827371870 that extends conf 1704600661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1638471954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1235908203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10001825
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 10001825 originConf 1235908203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939869193 that extends conf 10001825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836621476 that extends conf 1939869193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 10001825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203936099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 964981922
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 964981922 originConf 203936099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139801481 that extends conf 964981922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 1139801481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 964981922 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352083264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1997224928
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1997224928 originConf 352083264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697145861 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 453007883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368802354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 368802354 originConf 453007883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640458320 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990830650 that extends conf 368802354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1245439653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 726107869
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 726107869 originConf 1245439653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 726107869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 770950500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905940937 that extends conf 726107869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 794563378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830231264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1830231264 originConf 794563378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395105902 that extends conf 1830231264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473313929 that extends conf 1395105902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665846007 that extends conf 1830231264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1334528976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1287606099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1287606099 originConf 1334528976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231351829 that extends conf 1287606099 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 357153703 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 920632751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 920632751 originConf 357153703
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788545647 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706604026 that extends conf 1788545647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1860754643 that extends conf 920632751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299661385 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66972878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 66972878 originConf 1299661385
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660915526 that extends conf 66972878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66231846 that extends conf 660915526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320357188 that extends conf 66972878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2139501486 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643838324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1643838324 originConf 2139501486
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256642638 that extends conf 1643838324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231191650 that extends conf 256642638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1996556848 that extends conf 1643838324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1910492961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665317128
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 665317128 originConf 1910492961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533698361 that extends conf 665317128 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1729171313 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2088098699
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 2088098699 originConf 1729171313
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307810440 that extends conf 2088098699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819092483 that extends conf 1307810440 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086767061 that extends conf 2088098699 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1560406561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859193874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 859193874 originConf 1560406561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 963768574 that extends conf 859193874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731427771 that extends conf 963768574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577682023 that extends conf 859193874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 277697988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 999334666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 999334666 originConf 277697988
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 999334666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 1562090557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724736957 that extends conf 999334666 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRename2PreDescendant
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
