msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471948789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253011924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 253011924 originConf 1471948789
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 885002305 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 253011924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 758465579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 758465579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704869156 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10885570 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1472036907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1747721875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1747721875 originConf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463215441 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196025267 that extends conf 463215441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275011461 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 973692608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 586917260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 586917260 originConf 973692608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 509806761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956598686 that extends conf 586917260 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1471800355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 923360749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 923360749 originConf 1471800355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591954203 that extends conf 923360749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982634822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1285072597 originConf 982634822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598047636 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742448147 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113273959 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449987177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985869725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1985869725 originConf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78377968 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174383157 that extends conf 78377968 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087440001 that extends conf 1985869725 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 775423528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 837719796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 837719796 originConf 775423528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99695585 that extends conf 837719796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122256138 that extends conf 99695585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723498053 that extends conf 837719796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1881419576 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762604772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 762604772 originConf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414924274 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227100877 that extends conf 1414924274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655713354 that extends conf 762604772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972720850 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testAssumptionFailure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Assume its not a local FS!
msx-listener stackTrace: org.junit.internal.AssumptionViolatedException: Assume its not a local FS!
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFileSystemLocalFileSystem#testOperation[28]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
