msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1198817209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1198817209 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596333086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1288052401 originConf 596333086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452457802 that extends conf 1490985125 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1288052401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1290614253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 668760567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 668760567 originConf 1290614253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616438581 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508760925 that extends conf 1616438581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 668760567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 300811000 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 300811000
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 348148678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1944138464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1944138464 originConf 348148678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594195094 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604616170 that extends conf 594195094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37400149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114270481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2114270481 originConf 37400149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795590320 that extends conf 2114270481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 2114270481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
