msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452457802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 841537936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 841537936 originConf 452457802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822630059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1296910502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505968231
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 505968231 originConf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608103523 that extends conf 1723278948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 505968231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156210828 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727424614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1041326823 originConf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 530410619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1592763413
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1592763413 originConf 530410619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1592763413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438000681 that extends conf 1778877569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 1592763413 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1921553024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2134157671
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2134157671 originConf 1921553024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 2134157671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495051009 that extends conf 1346354118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956746660 that extends conf 2134157671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 43856716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1011599868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1011599868 originConf 43856716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401737458 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174687658 that extends conf 1401737458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521466380 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 269458366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 49846880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 49846880 originConf 269458366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940114787 that extends conf 49846880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429333900 that extends conf 940114787 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108221047 that extends conf 49846880 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery18
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
