msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504807594 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130598644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1354280589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1354280589 originConf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49969897 that extends conf 85121323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554877309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182758821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1182758821 originConf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517116047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953528583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 953528583 originConf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1815025408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1565713391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1565713391 originConf 1815025408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45416784 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739210872 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131037934 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 800497654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2042979183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2042979183 originConf 800497654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398508580 that extends conf 2042979183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1398508580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997625595 that extends conf 2042979183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testCloseAfterAbort
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
