msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeDataNodes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1907604549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 1907604549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1017792343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1017792343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1556061855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1121891386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1121891386 originConf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855724043 that extends conf 1822630059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653345773 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2123269713 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 246264949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 246264949 originConf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 779018428 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 246264949 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeDataNodes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.web.resources.TestWebHdfsDataLocality#testExcludeDataNodes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
