msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1590481849 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 347791431
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 347791431 originConf 1590481849
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265287441 that extends conf 347791431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990684641 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450712470 that extends conf 347791431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1775120226 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 102052782
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 102052782 originConf 1775120226
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353891891 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 353891891 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225114731 that extends conf 102052782 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 518692141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2000410491 originConf 518692141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871678080 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774897456 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 569976699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423586012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1423586012 originConf 569976699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 1723848804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152380885 that extends conf 1423586012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1585711807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532756055
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1532756055 originConf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788256184 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003307628 that extends conf 1788256184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 1532756055 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1885927370 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 219812012
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 219812012 originConf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176097974 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 176097974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 219812012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234857227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399398408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1399398408 originConf 234857227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943165647 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808653065 that extends conf 943165647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445758842 that extends conf 1399398408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095849663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516934601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 516934601 originConf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577442875 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734971558 that extends conf 577442875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890318768 that extends conf 516934601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142261320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319061373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 319061373 originConf 142261320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45666436 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 45666436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 319061373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 638525764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 697145861
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 697145861 originConf 638525764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028510206 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 2028510206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652481263 that extends conf 697145861 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846508205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1526296937 originConf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133573230 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957387062 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802896480 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 717998169 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1389055824
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1389055824 originConf 717998169
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 475816303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1470295349
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1470295349 originConf 475816303
msx-rc 0
