msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456854218 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574187949 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111332088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662075679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1662075679 originConf 2111332088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225947517 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501042755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205732628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1205732628 originConf 501042755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429941015 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395980812 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085155372 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696883395 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903612046 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595399996 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582778254 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1709612184 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980138552 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660303705 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374358323 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90569653 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611529703 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895715577 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117710486 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808033563 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539523537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1539523537 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349133635 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289690742 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640027834 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271320973 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875477732 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65841534 that extends conf 875477732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858778099 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433272753 that extends conf 858778099 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 134524606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 134524606 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333302389 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730317329 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503616849 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116109610 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882719181 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276487362 that extends conf 882719181 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680176861 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205698679 that extends conf 680176861 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235559678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1235559678 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 970239526 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911485469 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793784645 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387050109 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91851184 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754632966 that extends conf 91851184 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101891969 that extends conf 1235559678 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454000321 that extends conf 101891969 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1696544680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1696544680 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643133769 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719878505 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022812905 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700143738 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946542766 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401881114 that extends conf 1946542766 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453068995 that extends conf 1696544680 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043740584 that extends conf 1453068995 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1051257798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1700631254
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1700631254 originConf 1051257798
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueueNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
