msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedSBSmallerThanFullBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662153449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 781210670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 781210670 originConf 1662153449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897580629 that extends conf 781210670 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1825549623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817861274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1817861274 originConf 1825549623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153132917 that extends conf 1817861274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089013491 that extends conf 1153132917 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891454182 that extends conf 1817861274 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1417938489 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 483767712
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 483767712 originConf 1417938489
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520129151 that extends conf 483767712 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1298149920 that extends conf 1520129151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548093008 that extends conf 483767712 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 210396128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755101967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 755101967 originConf 210396128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633243303 that extends conf 755101967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290465352 that extends conf 633243303 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93234776 that extends conf 755101967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94619867 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122505261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 122505261 originConf 94619867
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030301808 that extends conf 122505261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591283574 that extends conf 1030301808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915161566 that extends conf 122505261 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 959348748 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 138113620
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 138113620 originConf 959348748
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1686796972 that extends conf 138113620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946626248 that extends conf 1686796972 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893640238 that extends conf 138113620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1411572528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1497426324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1497426324 originConf 1411572528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265804426 that extends conf 1497426324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245673059 that extends conf 265804426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434038852 that extends conf 1497426324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 288735001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 782427644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 782427644 originConf 288735001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149569518 that extends conf 782427644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666811960 that extends conf 149569518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907338258 that extends conf 782427644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070765392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048637496
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1048637496 originConf 2070765392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685549764 that extends conf 1048637496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349641646 that extends conf 1685549764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1820841464 that extends conf 1048637496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1485858622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611478982
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 611478982 originConf 1485858622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745309129 that extends conf 611478982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309793833 that extends conf 1745309129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153095302 that extends conf 611478982 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 83194600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 430649843
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 430649843 originConf 83194600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810749041 that extends conf 430649843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529029737 that extends conf 810749041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839546014 that extends conf 430649843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1597556818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393628294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 393628294 originConf 1597556818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7387871 that extends conf 393628294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67177538 that extends conf 7387871 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549405669 that extends conf 393628294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004752905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 972458715
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 972458715 originConf 2004752905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481392681 that extends conf 972458715 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957197905 that extends conf 481392681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734027 that extends conf 972458715 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedSBSmallerThanFullBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAddOverReplicatedStripedBlocks#testProcessOverReplicatedSBSmallerThanFullBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
