msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1811880447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116356643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 116356643 originConf 1811880447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45880026 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734079 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 518167684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1862347028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1862347028 originConf 518167684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792381498 that extends conf 1862347028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 1792381498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205496410 that extends conf 1862347028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 777190206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1620187937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1620187937 originConf 777190206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204178174 that extends conf 1620187937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 1204178174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641027464 that extends conf 1620187937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223303171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585711807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1585711807 originConf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1585711807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 205810452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1885927370 originConf 205810452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 1885927370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 1885927370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219638321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178259104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 178259104 originConf 219638321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654589039 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442465916 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 442465916
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000530216 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239132915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2041263297 originConf 1239132915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 730583371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1998434604 originConf 730583371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 967643830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745205026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 745205026 originConf 967643830
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 99295602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145882513
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1145882513 originConf 99295602
msx-rc 0
