msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1936375962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1423752095
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1423752095 originConf 1936375962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366212088 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906347731 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1423752095 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123166613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1833335943 originConf 1123166613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747721875 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670153696 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500697171 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2054787417 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1991386317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1991386317 originConf 2054787417
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 1991386317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118571592 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 1991386317 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360440329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2110785285
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2110785285 originConf 1360440329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178259104 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 2110785285 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577442875 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356476647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 356476647 originConf 577442875
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737935282 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573023937 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1643379640 that extends conf 356476647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1445999733 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 425107133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 425107133 originConf 1445999733
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839161014 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075133112 that extends conf 839161014 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27053221 that extends conf 425107133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368802354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 161118423
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 161118423 originConf 368802354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086945474 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463494712 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726107869 that extends conf 161118423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744021169 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[5]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
