msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 213193302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502635287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1502635287 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 364639279 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 220695851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 762074108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 762074108 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 295485334 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107543287 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1260467793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111613684
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1111613684 originConf 1260467793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911155630 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2101636817 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227617535 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389764818 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75349351 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325808972 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780085338 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153701023 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793026537 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64123759 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042565490 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486530530 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405571914 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871715125 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109577018 that extends conf 1502635287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593211432 that extends conf 1111613684 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384529471 that extends conf 762074108 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348916831
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1348916831 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957078537 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442719120 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159245584 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192214642 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1348916831 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525844775 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519137189 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408015717 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461951505 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129844134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1278616846 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130721104 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909623552 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226225901 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037114202 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640899500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1492219097
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1492219097 originConf 1640899500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164699452 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665717920 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542082587 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355324709 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1878992188 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773296871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 773296871 originConf 1878992188
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516413619 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204574550 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181249505 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160179312 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1181567472 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 106113013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129844134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917161212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1917161212 originConf 2129844134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1555793073 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096577667 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715600873 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 816804727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 816804727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 611739613 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878211926 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937350045 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582524941 that extends conf 1492219097 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509806761 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncLongPeriod
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1425906951 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300836067 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197705135 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncLongPeriod
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testAutoMsyncLongPeriod
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
