msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 936906727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699221219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 699221219 originConf 936906727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605705199 that extends conf 1773008684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 699221219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 512256603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1198817209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1198817209 originConf 512256603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257718694 that extends conf 2108708444 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1198817209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1485485458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1485485458 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498016680 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683718244 that extends conf 1498016680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 1485485458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 507061061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1370495328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1370495328 originConf 507061061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439925336 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822630059 that extends conf 439925336 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295055909 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1533672820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1533672820 originConf 295055909
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809129176 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779018428 that extends conf 1809129176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 1533672820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814111376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611502040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 611502040 originConf 814111376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405055124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 795590320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 795590320 originConf 1405055124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468776694 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 861522296 that extends conf 468776694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904609259 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[7]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[7]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[7]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
