msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704164672 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865241748
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1865241748 originConf 704164672
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178799003 that extends conf 1865241748 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179847548 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437644884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 437644884 originConf 179847548
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687590516 that extends conf 437644884 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217436381 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 441513284
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 441513284 originConf 217436381
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864362301 that extends conf 441513284 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225454705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1778149992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1778149992 originConf 1225454705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378972823 that extends conf 1778149992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417116336 that extends conf 378972823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945345825 that extends conf 1778149992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1093971135 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 270322557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 270322557 originConf 1093971135
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422679464 that extends conf 270322557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340981250 that extends conf 422679464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822805018 that extends conf 270322557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608996914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1847379053
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1847379053 originConf 608996914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171836651 that extends conf 1847379053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1253729259 that extends conf 171836651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465013436 that extends conf 1847379053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704531366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 500060951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 500060951 originConf 1704531366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747319221 that extends conf 500060951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454624990 that extends conf 747319221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096387963 that extends conf 500060951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1744202411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604514502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1604514502 originConf 1744202411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66118537 that extends conf 1604514502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16937998 that extends conf 66118537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840417770 that extends conf 1604514502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestPipelinesFailover#testWriteOverGracefulFailoverWithDnFail
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
