msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1991724700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 145455292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 145455292 originConf 1991724700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268379633 that extends conf 145455292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1475842502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1475842502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225553858 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972843820 that extends conf 225553858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299126654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128195220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128195220 originConf 1299126654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877240674 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538462491 that extends conf 1877240674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366499339 that extends conf 2128195220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 211649273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932244589
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1932244589 originConf 211649273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340086275 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1340086275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397309480 that extends conf 1932244589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 198374825 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1852821063
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1852821063 originConf 198374825
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884604029 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635001030 that extends conf 884604029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792473683 that extends conf 1852821063 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831705084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1386440976 originConf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122991287 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378280450 that extends conf 2122991287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897368146 that extends conf 1386440976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1676010932 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1500697171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1500697171 originConf 1676010932
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618326227 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 1500697171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118571592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 809128217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 809128217 originConf 2118571592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316355462 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053349061 that extends conf 316355462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015659282 that extends conf 809128217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1499825229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 234857227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 234857227 originConf 1499825229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465233746 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146484093 that extends conf 465233746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987489551 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2113273959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095849663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1095849663 originConf 2113273959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801142660 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1757032717 that extends conf 801142660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 1095849663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199000084 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 142261320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 142261320 originConf 199000084
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706790953 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1968298538 that extends conf 1706790953 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117885704 that extends conf 142261320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356054329 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1356054329
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79706679 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206180304 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194408994 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003737182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777970377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 777970377 originConf 1003737182
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605783571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783882192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 783882192 originConf 1605783571
msx-rc 0
