msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testDelete
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862674654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467313213 that extends conf 417875774 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989332276 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331748029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687501326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 687501326 originConf 331748029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638249646 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642308093 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957282992 that extends conf 687501326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1211586911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128961136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2128961136 originConf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 2128961136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659435106 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1061018585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1061018585 originConf 1659435106
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930317866 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437129801 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1914615775 that extends conf 1061018585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 37400149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114270481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2114270481 originConf 37400149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795590320 that extends conf 2114270481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 732189840 that extends conf 795590320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 2114270481 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 564086167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1499418021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1499418021 originConf 564086167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 68217166 that extends conf 989440614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227459815 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testDelete
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testDelete
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
