msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1884422865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1884422865 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1096411163 that extends conf 1855112877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1884422865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117885704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 499951827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 499951827 originConf 117885704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62309924 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480170882 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036324408 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846508205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1846508205 originConf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836397870 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310350177 that extends conf 836397870 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796774130 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688917723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255041198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 255041198 originConf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957530885 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794563378 that extends conf 1957530885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930089183 that extends conf 255041198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 66774422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558460059
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1558460059 originConf 66774422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1793580716 that extends conf 1558460059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827248723 that extends conf 1793580716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775675341 that extends conf 1558460059 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1851241961 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 895705623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 895705623 originConf 1851241961
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333945918 that extends conf 895705623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656318404 that extends conf 1333945918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238339624 that extends conf 895705623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1171713907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1350377659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1350377659 originConf 1171713907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095373876 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551994588 that extends conf 2095373876 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32838705 that extends conf 1350377659 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 971404566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749072877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 749072877 originConf 971404566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047873000 that extends conf 749072877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940749968 that extends conf 1047873000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112373743 that extends conf 749072877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649829954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068499906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2068499906 originConf 1649829954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097614581 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005331061 that extends conf 2097614581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161938368 that extends conf 2068499906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265052195 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:46729: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:46729: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[34]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
