msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetDefaultPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1663868379 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1392041654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1392041654 originConf 1663868379
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821016379 that extends conf 1392041654 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1128358436 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1382906232
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1382906232 originConf 1128358436
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498900809 that extends conf 1382906232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713306910 that extends conf 1498900809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40894140 that extends conf 1382906232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1946206502 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1709491984
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1709491984 originConf 1946206502
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1297013488 that extends conf 1709491984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872750860 that extends conf 1297013488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252753104 that extends conf 1709491984 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 182720820 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2052804488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2052804488 originConf 182720820
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295211242 that extends conf 2052804488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917081298 that extends conf 1295211242 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842031749 that extends conf 2052804488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 607001415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 760211356
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 760211356 originConf 607001415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720417673 that extends conf 760211356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848836042 that extends conf 720417673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12719221 that extends conf 760211356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1466021848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 132659250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 132659250 originConf 1466021848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1546422012 that extends conf 132659250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957808658 that extends conf 1546422012 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712469143 that extends conf 132659250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1716227232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1823804623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1823804623 originConf 1716227232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324672486 that extends conf 1823804623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1086057916 that extends conf 1324672486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753248952 that extends conf 1823804623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1313620240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604773297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1604773297 originConf 1313620240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781352124 that extends conf 1604773297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1478443100 that extends conf 1781352124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351075925 that extends conf 1604773297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 911856385 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1048543127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1048543127 originConf 911856385
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735992514 that extends conf 1048543127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930242140 that extends conf 735992514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092308750 that extends conf 1048543127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1039093354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1652808293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1652808293 originConf 1039093354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1464036319 that extends conf 1652808293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739127652 that extends conf 1464036319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411674259 that extends conf 1652808293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetDefaultPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testSetDefaultPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
