msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 11576878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 882798510
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 882798510 originConf 11576878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128325484 that extends conf 882798510 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 888788041 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1828960823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1828960823 originConf 888788041
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054553021 that extends conf 1828960823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 25729949 that extends conf 1054553021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580124848 that extends conf 1828960823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1414156392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 576802496
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 576802496 originConf 1414156392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854622542 that extends conf 576802496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093571746 that extends conf 1854622542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 911790657 that extends conf 576802496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331131693 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1136976798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1136976798 originConf 331131693
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659736843 that extends conf 1136976798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358396682 that extends conf 1659736843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085807457 that extends conf 1136976798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2073323286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1343655931
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1343655931 originConf 2073323286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852665753 that extends conf 1343655931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504094432 that extends conf 1852665753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502687180 that extends conf 1343655931 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360200647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130776669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1130776669 originConf 1360200647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352202268 that extends conf 1130776669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677688412 that extends conf 1352202268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119023433 that extends conf 1130776669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329825248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1307633380
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1307633380 originConf 329825248
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 329825248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1183976335
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1183976335 originConf 329825248
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithExcludeListWithPorts
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
