msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testDifferentReplicaFactor
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1631344814 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926404739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1926404739 originConf 1631344814
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478555645 that extends conf 1926404739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1421105852 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 715450109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 715450109 originConf 1421105852
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278087436 that extends conf 715450109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633569932 that extends conf 278087436 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427337240 that extends conf 715450109 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352229346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1818607268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1818607268 originConf 352229346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046151010 that extends conf 1818607268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854743095 that extends conf 1046151010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499077446 that extends conf 1818607268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622009172 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2002431468
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2002431468 originConf 1622009172
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243207751 that extends conf 2002431468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904535189 that extends conf 243207751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770244496 that extends conf 2002431468 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1577810589 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 549918078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 549918078 originConf 1577810589
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561219762 that extends conf 549918078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837008057 that extends conf 561219762 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183331462 that extends conf 549918078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 247757761 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 900035548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 900035548 originConf 247757761
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685220219 that extends conf 900035548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233350104 that extends conf 685220219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611402450 that extends conf 900035548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1844288167 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1038568326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1038568326 originConf 1844288167
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697902286 that extends conf 1038568326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723912402 that extends conf 1697902286 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114119874 that extends conf 1038568326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 772797616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 182776654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 182776654 originConf 772797616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021703548 that extends conf 182776654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381328674 that extends conf 1021703548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171395466 that extends conf 182776654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1035687729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1430094491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1430094491 originConf 1035687729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848500450 that extends conf 1430094491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436357455 that extends conf 1848500450 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993626979 that extends conf 1430094491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1615051202 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1868785132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1868785132 originConf 1615051202
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226638395 that extends conf 1868785132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84180679 that extends conf 1226638395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389357088 that extends conf 1868785132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testDifferentReplicaFactor
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy#testDifferentReplicaFactor
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
