msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704106237 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 609483101 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405036720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 405036720 originConf 609483101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846982837 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740007499 that extends conf 1846982837 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438151297 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234905692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1894144426 originConf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710783020 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 247644034 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1720865719 originConf 247644034
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302141801 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1869247587 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1240412896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296910502
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1296910502 originConf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107404311 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996533593 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851522556 that extends conf 1296910502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 130850024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830969563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1830969563 originConf 130850024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 1830969563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1830969563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1542856295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 460333119
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 460333119 originConf 1542856295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 460333119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907467420 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415545023 that extends conf 460333119 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45416784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1736458419
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1736458419 originConf 45416784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143295000 that extends conf 1736458419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 143295000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937693946 that extends conf 1736458419 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2135790485 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904609259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1904609259 originConf 2135790485
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438000681 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614079837 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 1904609259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 214313531 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1817633587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1817633587 originConf 214313531
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994995034 that extends conf 1817633587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225849930 that extends conf 1994995034 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620350440 that extends conf 1817633587 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery4
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
