msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 418513504
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 418513504 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 1649847375 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970073944 that extends conf 418513504 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47918293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405252209
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 405252209 originConf 47918293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260638966 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 855724043
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 855724043 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740827140 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 855724043 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1957282992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 274100821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 274100821 originConf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358019805 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 358019805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738174829 that extends conf 274100821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828088650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1156210828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1156210828 originConf 828088650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1156210828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114270481 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1844579038 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404586280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 404586280 originConf 1844579038
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98974893 that extends conf 422134367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845119401 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47268007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 604060129
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 604060129 originConf 47268007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744713739 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584501954 that extends conf 1744713739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116197959 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 215478702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2097361633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 2097361633 originConf 215478702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 2097361633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112135199 that extends conf 585074510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458748394 that extends conf 2097361633 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1637601612 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1570255056
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1570255056 originConf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325439580 that extends conf 1570255056 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783523556 that extends conf 325439580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377021042 that extends conf 1570255056 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery20
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
