msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2619171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1728790703
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1728790703 originConf 2619171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353530305 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522095831 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2095788421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1131184547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1131184547 originConf 2095788421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447767121 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1939022383 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195801026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 195801026 originConf 1939022383
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895766599 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003693033 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1140753938 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242446379 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642074059 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804001544 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669508796 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989722391 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788424364 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551896376 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359412656 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795922231 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135177078 that extends conf 195801026 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251085654 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496245399 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316360746 that extends conf 1131184547 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511750180 that extends conf 1728790703 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 89509666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 89509666 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202042637 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806121773 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041065028 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965723639 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658511941 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 89509666 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88301993 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112121182 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489452883 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345941015 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278616846 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559050604 that extends conf 98351968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240843015 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697460450 that extends conf 1240843015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1416706187 that extends conf 1240843015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726616678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1006624255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1006624255 originConf 1726616678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123337428 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913484998 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 802491172 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233534496 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167013780 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 416049054 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779598031 that extends conf 167013780 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743219449 that extends conf 1006624255 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108982313 that extends conf 743219449 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113243119 that extends conf 743219449 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1278002745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612496268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1612496268 originConf 1278002745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923810797 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104515836 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956809160 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152596559 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052127672 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2037202079 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811880447 that extends conf 1052127672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105282397 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314228008 that extends conf 1105282397 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590481849 that extends conf 1105282397 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 116356643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 116356643 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788034018 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124508915 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1431228176 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642845715 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1786040872 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882706486 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1786040872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041451158 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775574071 that extends conf 1041451158 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1726616678 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1791589252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1791589252 originConf 1726616678
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440867166 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725496999 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373082062 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491152599 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456265041 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166361824 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808527451 that extends conf 1456265041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242466095 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501036152 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261567641 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 501036152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testDoubleFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906314162 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064117536 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120806748 that extends conf 1791589252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665512315 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 5021240 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783403379 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29819726 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663346832 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618238497 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093900662 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 175517971 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471800355 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1471800355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178325065 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942189610 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891611218 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512712613 that extends conf 116356643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273837097 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80018466 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369830986 that extends conf 1612496268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testDoubleFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestObserverNode#testDoubleFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
