msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1615056168 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1615056168 originConf 1615056168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16868310 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445918232 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 951741667 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 951741667 originConf 951741667
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466853180 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932536213 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2107543287 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2107543287 originConf 2107543287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356732524 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186339926 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748182212 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268250912 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896815497 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151618893 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184393211 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573267812 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278001850 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2068174218 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914337441 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091084061 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935648068 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46471602 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618274259 that extends conf 1615056168 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185071043 that extends conf 2107543287 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038224619 that extends conf 951741667 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1019484860 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1019484860 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452364286 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710409102 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871346140 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970449547 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521568953 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605988985 that extends conf 1521568953 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134202713 that extends conf 1521568953 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633131207 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852190062 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 633131207 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1088239991 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1088239991 originConf 1088239991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827035437 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507076577 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472884491 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203439970 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832432849 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031927175 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 832432849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 1967617997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1967617997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1288135425 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1288135425 originConf 1288135425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174881426 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634486223 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258671954 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310791190 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173060252 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302877661 that extends conf 173060252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720797452 that extends conf 173060252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 1288135425 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777813771 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 567656864 that extends conf 562561015 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1572442646 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1572442646 originConf 1572442646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609887969 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523510420 that extends conf 609887969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720770771 that extends conf 1572442646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446295392 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130254507 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284437421 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481200501 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97530601 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589652303 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1019484860 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 369351727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 369351727 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015455415 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925403882 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453940941 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526396065 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638525764 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367503763 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62803825 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550080835 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 62803825 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1088239991 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1480170882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1480170882 originConf 1088239991
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663277822 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231211283 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654214194 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23549830 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711105800 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956296628 that extends conf 1711105800 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310350177 that extends conf 1711105800 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737756161 that extends conf 1480170882 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 737756161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70555476 that extends conf 737756161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1288135425 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 194408994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 194408994 originConf 1288135425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439720255 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898856889 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280184104 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206448372 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 161672347 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477520324 that extends conf 161672347 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36707189 that extends conf 161672347 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822409149 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794563378 that extends conf 822409149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126664214 that extends conf 822409149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069454218 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1328176694 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538689487 that extends conf 369351727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356338363 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833707324 that extends conf 356338363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516759394 that extends conf 356338363 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275597614 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140566223 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937518947 that extends conf 194408994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestStateAlignmentContextWithHA#testStateTransferOnRead
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
