msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToALLSSD
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1207680861 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1972214323
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1972214323 originConf 1207680861
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1383020281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104609968 originConf 1383020281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823443313 that extends conf 1104609968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1104609968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2091101342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 2091101342 originConf 1104609968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620119950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2056666002
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2056666002 originConf 1620119950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319995136 that extends conf 2056666002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809212119 that extends conf 1319995136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538334069 that extends conf 2056666002 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 91729100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 84185844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 84185844 originConf 91729100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438767509 that extends conf 84185844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511952561 that extends conf 438767509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117325437 that extends conf 84185844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 532727436 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1802047531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1802047531 originConf 532727436
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207951932 that extends conf 1802047531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649436774 that extends conf 1207951932 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319594535 that extends conf 1802047531 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 135597093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 135597093 originConf 1121454968
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 504319799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777183133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 777183133 originConf 504319799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678913909 that extends conf 777183133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603899654 that extends conf 678913909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641802743 that extends conf 777183133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 433683240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1485927999
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1485927999 originConf 433683240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61940172 that extends conf 1485927999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377976284 that extends conf 61940172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1132427492 that extends conf 1485927999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1880839827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439166803
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 439166803 originConf 1880839827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156545434 that extends conf 439166803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119764833 that extends conf 156545434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982271550 that extends conf 439166803 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToALLSSD
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testWhenStoragePolicySetToALLSSD
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
