msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497845528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806431167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1806431167 originConf 1497845528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 1806431167 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1060519157 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836969741
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 836969741 originConf 1060519157
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496220730 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 1496220730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340644388 that extends conf 836969741 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605705199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 605705199 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405252209 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 405252209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 605705199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854989361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 854989361 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999135802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452457802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 452457802 originConf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354280589 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 1354280589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628289406 that extends conf 452457802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 724028528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 508760925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 508760925 originConf 724028528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969347346 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664839586 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331748029 that extends conf 508760925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656349395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828241083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 828241083 originConf 656349395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 828241083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2115087165 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1727424614 originConf 2115087165
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815025408 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522119751 that extends conf 1815025408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1544147328 that extends conf 1727424614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1937693946 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1933077874 originConf 1937693946
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074844820 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778877569 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1933077874 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 489070295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511651343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 511651343 originConf 489070295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810196347 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378814088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 913806791
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 913806791 originConf 378814088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334099170 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930900166 that extends conf 334099170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 151515831 that extends conf 913806791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1596653154 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 951677655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 951677655 originConf 1596653154
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191874608 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 910504711 that extends conf 1191874608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286658790 that extends conf 951677655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFile#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
