msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1149407083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2088582214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2088582214 originConf 1149407083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 2088582214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1135935001 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96039159 that extends conf 2088582214 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234905692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1894144426 originConf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710783020 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824570614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1369468094 originConf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 622820646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417554340 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 486348917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1293252487 originConf 486348917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015799131 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 1015799131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1293252487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 234223040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689458432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1689458432 originConf 234223040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791267914 that extends conf 1689458432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406004470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 1406004470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821342630 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 821342630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353838640 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732189840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1959758632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1959758632 originConf 732189840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1756160273 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 1959758632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 489070295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511651343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 511651343 originConf 489070295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810196347 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 810196347 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811942924 that extends conf 511651343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 916958177 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 378814088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 378814088 originConf 916958177
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961983234 that extends conf 378814088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 961983234 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005706991 that extends conf 378814088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814377348 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 565325557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 565325557 originConf 814377348
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313061558 that extends conf 565325557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820877077 that extends conf 1313061558 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427909662 that extends conf 565325557 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery17
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
