msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402249858 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030411960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2030411960 originConf 402249858
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050370411 that extends conf 2030411960 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223050066 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1130551263 originConf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094199074 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288052401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539240764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 539240764 originConf 1288052401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495407511 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 589309113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 589309113 originConf 1495407511
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 639105046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50345623 that extends conf 589309113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 199150625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 199150625 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1844942991 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 1844942991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618099562 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1797159635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1457417579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1457417579 originConf 1797159635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1428022141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 1457417579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 809128217 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899567935
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1899567935 originConf 809128217
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989495347 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553077867 that extends conf 1899567935 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269819701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481792876
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 481792876 originConf 1269819701
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199041063 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109461985 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798180728 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969969319 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505964934 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1151959526 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562869167 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674234877 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761828115 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790017954 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530326109 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142686834 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062823494 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978819210 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383431293 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117501190 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565930194 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141998584 that extends conf 481792876 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044945070 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 605055711 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121733123 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
