msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 825249556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 16868310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 16868310 originConf 825249556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107915280 that extends conf 16868310 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710783020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1848886161 originConf 1710783020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 214313531 that extends conf 712732521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 402978317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043317832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1043317832 originConf 402978317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201804812 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85357160 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1043317832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaIssuesWhileCommitting
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 981487964 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074678987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1074678987 originConf 981487964
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476979010 that extends conf 1074678987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611641085 that extends conf 476979010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120256369 that extends conf 1074678987 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1344027485
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1344027485 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 616437146 that extends conf 1344027485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481339412 that extends conf 616437146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536852862 that extends conf 1344027485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1118414398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1951425809
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1951425809 originConf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095785066 that extends conf 1951425809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489793703 that extends conf 2095785066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968123514 that extends conf 1951425809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaIssuesWhileCommitting
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestDiskspaceQuotaUpdate#testQuotaIssuesWhileCommitting
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
