msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605851606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390913202
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1390913202 originConf 1605851606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124734309 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979274004 that extends conf 1390913202 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101874302 that extends conf 1979274004 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 670689666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1356236848 originConf 670689666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128961136 that extends conf 1902455960 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 1356236848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1962865655 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601756706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1601756706 originConf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083154356 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 2083154356 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785807415 that extends conf 1601756706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 689448569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1360878852 originConf 689448569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 118881143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184244257 that extends conf 1360878852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252820474 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693799911 that extends conf 1252820474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836972194 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 253027775 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1833592262 originConf 253027775
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800959603 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078154554 that extends conf 1800959603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529002352 that extends conf 1833592262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058174333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1225970981 originConf 2058174333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523034648 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1326998608 that extends conf 1523034648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 1225970981 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73608444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 73608444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373361892 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408909888 that extends conf 1373361892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836397870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133573230
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1133573230 originConf 836397870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000563893 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770950500 that extends conf 1133573230 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777236628 that extends conf 101874302 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[7]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
