msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2135449562 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068897588
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2068897588 originConf 2135449562
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402695541 that extends conf 2068897588 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1045985568 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 619985571
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 619985571 originConf 1045985568
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 619985571 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1490985125 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1009326765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1009326765 originConf 1490985125
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1009326765 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54176060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275754769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 275754769 originConf 54176060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1107772887 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173259631 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761863997 that extends conf 1107772887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783218541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 783218541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917704874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 917704874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523359711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 225753796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 225753796 originConf 1523359711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418550995 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935870377 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076336023 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971735979 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385804668 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078522811 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91443465 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776258753 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318529850 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15434659 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45488577 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537855407 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209851800 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075882263 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850979040 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050956431 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56230691 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279312047 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
