msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2077528955 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1848125895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1848125895 originConf 2077528955
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899141525 that extends conf 1848125895 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762509150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520491508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1520491508 originConf 762509150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201392112 that extends conf 1520491508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365575811 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 1365575811
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227867806 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495407511 that extends conf 1227867806 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1105282397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1544067887 originConf 1105282397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397530667 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 1397530667 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 1544067887 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997704619 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13643661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 13643661 originConf 1997704619
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 70978270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248435962 that extends conf 13643661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090289474 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000410491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2000410491 originConf 2090289474
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871678080 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774897456 that extends conf 2000410491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 261838162 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538618049
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 538618049 originConf 261838162
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665988980 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405950359 that extends conf 538618049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905488851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 310412574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 310412574 originConf 905488851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190153364 that extends conf 1554118033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810169941 that extends conf 310412574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61814127 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885927370
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1885927370 originConf 61814127
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838627755 that extends conf 1885927370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 838627755 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651689839 that extends conf 1885927370 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 982634822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1285072597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1285072597 originConf 982634822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598047636 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320850799 that extends conf 1598047636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356691811 that extends conf 1285072597 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442465916 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2090894907 originConf 442465916
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000530216 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254692047 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203936099 that extends conf 2090894907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239132915 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2041263297 originConf 1239132915
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620412175 that extends conf 1620301064 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904676263 that extends conf 2041263297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 730583371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1998434604 originConf 730583371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1808884231 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1378592036 that extends conf 1808884231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1998434604 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 557342904 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 278753868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 278753868 originConf 557342904
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424226973 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 762604772 that extends conf 424226973 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624079697 that extends conf 278753868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1320443884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238169801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 238169801 originConf 1320443884
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107275448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 475816303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 475816303 originConf 1107275448
msx-rc 0
