msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 924477420 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 99451533
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 99451533 originConf 924477420
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154319946 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712974096 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 552937500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455695758
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1455695758 originConf 552937500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71016405 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 182670350 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777443462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2032326802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2032326802 originConf 1777443462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384617262 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816756435 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777311624 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181376335 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 435749943 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840692520 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813720884 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899555803 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908656627 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218832811 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573934307 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510636866 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847448087 that extends conf 2032326802 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540340723 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 447713616 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1426611962 that extends conf 1455695758 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 342387829 that extends conf 99451533 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110698130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1574873161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1574873161 originConf 1110698130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472991420 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381244536 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247976210 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590712299 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789982400 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576277927 that extends conf 789982400 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627883152 that extends conf 1574873161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481553464 that extends conf 1627883152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1076966140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749443480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 749443480 originConf 1076966140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999664216 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103353506 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779271438 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955656443 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23076423 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006624255 that extends conf 23076423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721180011 that extends conf 749443480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349025531 that extends conf 1721180011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110698130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030121719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2030121719 originConf 1110698130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114687352 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 95357972 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179769581 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 867322671 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129387802 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009218257 that extends conf 1129387802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936380963 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128158063 that extends conf 936380963 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1076966140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 262815725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 262815725 originConf 1076966140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855112877 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925484300 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727379699 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 965229440 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1467977993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 262815725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 326780298 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590729351 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342034089 that extends conf 2030121719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110698130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254692047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 254692047 originConf 1110698130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779479139 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748476956 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309252667 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879683753 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445999733 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 1445999733 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 254692047 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90380642 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestFailureToReadEdits#testCheckpointStartingMidEditsFile[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
