msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListInAFile
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009904424 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164151637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164151637 originConf 1009904424
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168693427 that extends conf 1164151637 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 209602910 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612964883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1612964883 originConf 209602910
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 384143857 that extends conf 1612964883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424178076 that extends conf 384143857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2116246966 that extends conf 1612964883 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 830325952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1553618352
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1553618352 originConf 830325952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615923445 that extends conf 1553618352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359153100 that extends conf 1615923445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356832870 that extends conf 1553618352 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1235579236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1909553159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1909553159 originConf 1235579236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343605746 that extends conf 1909553159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660621415 that extends conf 343605746 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339780300 that extends conf 1909553159 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 787703569 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1992933966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1992933966 originConf 787703569
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457849302 that extends conf 1992933966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660687047 that extends conf 1457849302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370008948 that extends conf 1992933966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123423695 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1410159007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1410159007 originConf 1123423695
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 306102606 that extends conf 1410159007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243693073 that extends conf 306102606 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240153150 that extends conf 1410159007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 853270336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1444308954
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1444308954 originConf 853270336
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 853270336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1896960730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 1896960730 originConf 853270336
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListInAFile
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerCliWithExcludeListInAFile
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
