msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1153353584 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060494872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1060494872 originConf 1153353584
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356861929 that extends conf 1060494872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317798741 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 288989637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 288989637 originConf 317798741
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513051433 that extends conf 288989637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 325458579 that extends conf 513051433 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880818382 that extends conf 288989637 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2013706340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1348883947
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1348883947 originConf 2013706340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370073832 that extends conf 1348883947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955036069 that extends conf 1370073832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120905922 that extends conf 1348883947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1197302090 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1634387237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1634387237 originConf 1197302090
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 570148983 that extends conf 1634387237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727290076 that extends conf 570148983 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117289868 that extends conf 1634387237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 39310236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266394251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1266394251 originConf 39310236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 155959872 that extends conf 1266394251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1265461800 that extends conf 155959872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313627536 that extends conf 1266394251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81834298 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1051219110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1051219110 originConf 81834298
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843511514 that extends conf 1051219110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276250034 that extends conf 843511514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113287357 that extends conf 1051219110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1666339426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2113556530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 2113556530 originConf 1666339426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404766343 that extends conf 2113556530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389657565 that extends conf 404766343 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133247135 that extends conf 2113556530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217978289 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276320811
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 276320811 originConf 217978289
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330557602 that extends conf 276320811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672181028 that extends conf 330557602 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552260154 that extends conf 276320811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2048294745 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604330910
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1604330910 originConf 2048294745
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944974197 that extends conf 1604330910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787038259 that extends conf 1944974197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615245043 that extends conf 1604330910 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 20241808 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174285251
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1174285251 originConf 20241808
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025354241 that extends conf 1174285251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565032911 that extends conf 2025354241 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516106432 that extends conf 1174285251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFile#testListECFilesSmallerThanOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
