msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821680551 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061281814 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 2061281814 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360912899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1020113141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1020113141 originConf 1360912899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990958464 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133578561 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693435923 that extends conf 1133578561 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 46483081 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1498756591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1498756591 originConf 46483081
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107389778 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1026711392 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580296964 that extends conf 1026711392 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023299685 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438322512 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147337387 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753891487 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269999774 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868289673 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733984290 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293655831 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909643386 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260138040 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 482978938 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472143551 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46700488 that extends conf 1020113141 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501086776 that extends conf 1498756591 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662403517 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 688595583 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494717676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 494717676 originConf 688595583
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526169677 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52975124 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415711030 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910409322 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317345264 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43578549 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290952142 that extends conf 43578549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339009040 that extends conf 494717676 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655413700 that extends conf 1339009040 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 403490712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511161383
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 511161383 originConf 403490712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1094843550 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075815721 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72057828 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437486116 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 184021572 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746020805 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221691779 that extends conf 1746020805 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978865670 that extends conf 511161383 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272009045 that extends conf 978865670 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 688595583 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393151976
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1393151976 originConf 688595583
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475180097 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262159619 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595342432 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767263803 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1714541909 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474028764 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651365662 that extends conf 474028764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707712939 that extends conf 1393151976 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033452862 that extends conf 707712939 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 403490712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 625189041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 625189041 originConf 403490712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834303113 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1207222228 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956297565 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353485996 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887332992 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642411403 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816061687 that extends conf 642411403 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765829420 that extends conf 625189041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1393394630 that extends conf 765829420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2012611716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996283109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1996283109 originConf 2012611716
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Refresh service acl failed for.*
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Refresh service acl failed for.*
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshServiceAclNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
