msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426394307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 949684105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 949684105 originConf 426394307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1512903453 that extends conf 949684105 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 472234151
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 472234151 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112758237 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 539240764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 201804812
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 201804812 originConf 539240764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 201804812 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517758613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1911168986
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1911168986 originConf 1517758613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251285265 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437983537 that extends conf 1251285265 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1911168986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1752365512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1566099239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1566099239 originConf 1752365512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339788561 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16736375 that extends conf 1566099239 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 310412574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 343128256
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 343128256 originConf 310412574
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798861270 that extends conf 343128256 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123418227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 754707140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 754707140 originConf 123418227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428798670 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159562640 that extends conf 428798670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288815068 that extends conf 754707140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 603401608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577682023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 577682023 originConf 603401608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778028150 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920321355 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419792179 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125509551 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115983437 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113891589 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171672359 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889074285 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 171160803 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947173397
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 947173397 originConf 171160803
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016482777 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 872592585 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157004450 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188390859 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234600900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 239648666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 239648666 originConf 1234600900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694239102 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373342545 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566269351 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44249014 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 969014795 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750797656 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461360262 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908626889 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8660433 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386739766 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829671494 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985770484 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514075412 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012809591 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197607947 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360832532 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254595103 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507606754 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139772472 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709771739 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660530984 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850315219 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520630790 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693660699 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235610263 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613001954 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446413848 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771844183 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071913934 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666326128 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053804154 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1666138611 that extends conf 577682023 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 368073078 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855345644 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013526518 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32190346 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021881000 that extends conf 947173397 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502613318 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1294494261 that extends conf 239648666 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
