msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 213193302 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 213193302 originConf 213193302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769530879 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1436633036 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 220695851 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 220695851 originConf 220695851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1863953433 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815007437 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1360215046 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1360215046 originConf 1360215046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512456259 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519979933 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1610189576 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748182212 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 196556174 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1969345340 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338451655 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235149132 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822313997 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838754077 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693357600 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2131556981 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057761749 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364640738 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024373743 that extends conf 220695851 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909132260 that extends conf 213193302 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538173074 that extends conf 1360215046 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1019484860 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1019484860 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452364286 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377148423 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335569223 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835348910 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134202713 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1636178473 that extends conf 1134202713 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822232612 that extends conf 1134202713 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1674403916 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1674403916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1780293706 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1780293706 originConf 1780293706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360541835 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893275902 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1805101646 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123537362 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176041373 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967617997 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726843606 that extends conf 176041373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1780293706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1058650291 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1058650291 originConf 1058650291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174881426 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 808884969 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438384156 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270722703 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139609587 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948960194 that extends conf 1139609587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173060252 that extends conf 1139609587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302877661 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720797452 that extends conf 1302877661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562561015 that extends conf 1302877661 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853422837 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1466493180 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6119747 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648570979 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861048357 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649813854 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884067222 that extends conf 1019484860 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1019484860 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 1649498695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1649498695 originConf 1019484860
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665717920 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542082587 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031292684 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002911155 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467977993 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124317168 that extends conf 1002911155 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970612644 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006835220 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547817015 that extends conf 1970612644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1780293706 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 1590129041
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1590129041 originConf 1780293706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181249505 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160179312 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795319206 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359806817 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503614751 that extends conf 359806817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129371198 that extends conf 1590129041 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66845334 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 129371198 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1058650291 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1896708863
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1896708863 originConf 1058650291
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123674777 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395030879 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715600873 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369169734 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391827378 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241758568 that extends conf 99042020 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317441269 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1317441269 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937350045 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582524941 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580791155 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723848804 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301397485 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456525700 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998529946 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testCallFromNewClient
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181326224 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 609879567 that extends conf 181326224 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859823482 that extends conf 181326224 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658704411 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397731339 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522209622 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029120778 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564893839 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691096777 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 346432427 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850271867 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427599360 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797159635 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 1797159635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173059685 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 310412574 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585711807 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1778061666 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235996886 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629908194 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1646697660 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932757700 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1266593864 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801704517 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970856042 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817018735 that extends conf 1801704517 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602830277 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296204898 that extends conf 1457148583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903168066 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083664406 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 486886146 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1615873578 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275626728 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589016913 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926107297 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333987146 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64649625 that extends conf 1896708863 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065730373 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96453207 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877804870 that extends conf 2065730373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095970915 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65551384 that extends conf 2095970915 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017393480 that extends conf 2095970915 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143795885 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231901431 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51188215 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077766587 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539840354 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508125416 that extends conf 1649498695 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testCallFromNewClient
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestConsistentReadsObserver#testCallFromNewClient
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
