msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427040229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1427040229 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575935098 that extends conf 1427040229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1535026957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1100619942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1100619942 originConf 1535026957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985028494 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1985028494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827212229 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1871678080
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1871678080 originConf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260043537 that extends conf 1871678080 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554118033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 160945458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 160945458 originConf 1554118033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004628751 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 2004628751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457148583 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2053349061 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2771454
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2771454 originConf 2053349061
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248495761 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9843062
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 9843062 originConf 248495761
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677921169 that extends conf 9843062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438178266 that extends conf 1677921169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893320639 that extends conf 9843062 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1139801481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 573023937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 573023937 originConf 1139801481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941598182 that extends conf 573023937 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 631717345 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 631717345
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653880197 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 653880197 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773066329 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161118423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881419576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1881419576 originConf 161118423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732261462 that extends conf 1881419576 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1646234040 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1077316166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1077316166 originConf 1646234040
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198158701 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36883680 that extends conf 1198158701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885307815 that extends conf 1077316166 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 44771088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860941277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 860941277 originConf 44771088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153443333 that extends conf 860941277 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1827869767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1196716338
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1196716338 originConf 1827869767
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564555077 that extends conf 1196716338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352913142 that extends conf 564555077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421163163 that extends conf 1196716338 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1188671176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 393481646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 393481646 originConf 1188671176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876259196 that extends conf 393481646 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 197195067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1409978427
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1409978427 originConf 197195067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 607526140 that extends conf 1409978427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466661605 that extends conf 607526140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311884268 that extends conf 1409978427 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 899675353 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2062132026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 2062132026 originConf 899675353
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300104620 that extends conf 2062132026 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1997753864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 233271858
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 233271858 originConf 1997753864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791014677 that extends conf 233271858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672982715 that extends conf 1791014677 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81355344 that extends conf 233271858 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 925936450 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1711393939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1711393939 originConf 925936450
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892611887 that extends conf 1711393939 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406851189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 880908391
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 880908391 originConf 1406851189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497333939 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 880908391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1280959582 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855997464
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1855997464 originConf 1280959582
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525241607 that extends conf 1855997464 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 77738832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1195670735
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1195670735 originConf 77738832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873189623 that extends conf 1195670735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847174133 that extends conf 1873189623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938279178 that extends conf 1195670735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 33510911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369977147
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1369977147 originConf 33510911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745205026 that extends conf 1369977147 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 603184112 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 838820617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 838820617 originConf 603184112
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239824711 that extends conf 838820617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268086000 that extends conf 239824711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1693540983 that extends conf 838820617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 180353207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2113989903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.12 uniqueConf 2113989903 originConf 180353207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198426006 that extends conf 2113989903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1067414015 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1379757019
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1379757019 originConf 1067414015
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858779250 that extends conf 1379757019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043702205 that extends conf 1858779250 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956061012 that extends conf 1379757019 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613424566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202653598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.13 uniqueConf 1202653598 originConf 1613424566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41633258 that extends conf 1202653598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1714539364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1019157412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 1019157412 originConf 1714539364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 978599729 that extends conf 1019157412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428527783 that extends conf 978599729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105146840 that extends conf 1019157412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1969875555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1289454852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.14 uniqueConf 1289454852 originConf 1969875555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43368234 that extends conf 1289454852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 412375354 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1428664849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1428664849 originConf 412375354
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929447269 that extends conf 1428664849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903051549 that extends conf 1929447269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610189734 that extends conf 1428664849 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 779051277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1948224958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.15 uniqueConf 1948224958 originConf 779051277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527939020 that extends conf 1948224958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 306889029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1323706655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 1323706655 originConf 306889029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110913929 that extends conf 1323706655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 351216770 that extends conf 1110913929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741007954 that extends conf 1323706655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690051320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2122252822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.16 uniqueConf 2122252822 originConf 690051320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512407823 that extends conf 2122252822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511357840 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1644987969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 1644987969 originConf 511357840
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1507604180 that extends conf 1644987969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125549276 that extends conf 1507604180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658578510 that extends conf 1644987969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 728236551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503546689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.17 uniqueConf 1503546689 originConf 728236551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 294649085 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955406455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562912969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 1562912969 originConf 1955406455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007004340 that extends conf 1562912969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21331934 that extends conf 2007004340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488608048 that extends conf 1562912969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 132461369 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317644782
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.18 uniqueConf 317644782 originConf 132461369
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134237170 that extends conf 317644782 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1961232715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 513042872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 513042872 originConf 1961232715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 159651486 that extends conf 513042872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361931872 that extends conf 159651486 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698977695 that extends conf 513042872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2101086700 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346049017
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.19 uniqueConf 346049017 originConf 2101086700
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286771084 that extends conf 346049017 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1505486986 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1244211620
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1244211620 originConf 1505486986
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015545330 that extends conf 1244211620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133544411 that extends conf 1015545330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127174687 that extends conf 1244211620 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1003928100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1115099772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.20 uniqueConf 1115099772 originConf 1003928100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501688998 that extends conf 1115099772 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1373051324 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1294361489
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 1294361489 originConf 1373051324
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1099248281 that extends conf 1294361489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131582664 that extends conf 1099248281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 884599555 that extends conf 1294361489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 282812721 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1349129074
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.21 uniqueConf 1349129074 originConf 282812721
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058553002 that extends conf 1349129074 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1825983295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 345607713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 345607713 originConf 1825983295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48274513 that extends conf 345607713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952754390 that extends conf 48274513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38027658 that extends conf 345607713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1639759054 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 856432481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.22 uniqueConf 856432481 originConf 1639759054
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240730624 that extends conf 856432481 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673412242 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1416977881
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1416977881 originConf 673412242
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940783703 that extends conf 1416977881 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 687141632 that extends conf 1940783703 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370843722 that extends conf 1416977881 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848644304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2099541600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.23 uniqueConf 2099541600 originConf 848644304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1136503323 that extends conf 2099541600 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145023109 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228589267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 1228589267 originConf 1145023109
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 678787773 that extends conf 1228589267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032908467 that extends conf 678787773 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223213866 that extends conf 1228589267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 231900526 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2034046523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.24 uniqueConf 2034046523 originConf 231900526
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600061360 that extends conf 2034046523 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1980959273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725885575
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1725885575 originConf 1980959273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 543028700 that extends conf 1725885575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780566650 that extends conf 543028700 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811587238 that extends conf 1725885575 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1747237139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081253633
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.25 uniqueConf 1081253633 originConf 1747237139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551760389 that extends conf 1081253633 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 380556447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595180029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 1595180029 originConf 380556447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720760826 that extends conf 1595180029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751751420 that extends conf 1720760826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1996385500 that extends conf 1595180029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144962543 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803685654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.26 uniqueConf 803685654 originConf 2144962543
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372261610 that extends conf 803685654 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 682182987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1692481404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1692481404 originConf 682182987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123573668 that extends conf 1692481404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432929903 that extends conf 1123573668 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428089645 that extends conf 1692481404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2118482375 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 216919586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.27 uniqueConf 216919586 originConf 2118482375
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007550632 that extends conf 216919586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 227644740 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2083004088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 2083004088 originConf 227644740
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601520619 that extends conf 2083004088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943472307 that extends conf 601520619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1730371851 that extends conf 2083004088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523683407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1322623408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.28 uniqueConf 1322623408 originConf 1523683407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020421154 that extends conf 1322623408 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599728268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2069584894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 2069584894 originConf 1599728268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 857245202 that extends conf 2069584894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529893402 that extends conf 857245202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116155384 that extends conf 2069584894 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2009317431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1758060579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.29 uniqueConf 1758060579 originConf 2009317431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1714317354 that extends conf 1758060579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 970890202 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2102562039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 2102562039 originConf 970890202
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868437199 that extends conf 2102562039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348209600 that extends conf 1868437199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 104136534 that extends conf 2102562039 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1715606187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2093996783
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.30 uniqueConf 2093996783 originConf 1715606187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 776178157 that extends conf 2093996783 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1320122626 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1953251612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 1953251612 originConf 1320122626
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303238288 that extends conf 1953251612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066066225 that extends conf 1303238288 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21252030 that extends conf 1953251612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791280119 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1016408627
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.31 uniqueConf 1016408627 originConf 1791280119
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1897372527 that extends conf 1016408627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 745835029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137685382
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 137685382 originConf 745835029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 903218049 that extends conf 137685382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1308527415 that extends conf 903218049 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366008009 that extends conf 137685382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1199742317 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2048625222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.32 uniqueConf 2048625222 originConf 1199742317
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507377172 that extends conf 2048625222 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1582906120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1053719038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 1053719038 originConf 1582906120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1373254373 that extends conf 1053719038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766957197 that extends conf 1373254373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472124658 that extends conf 1053719038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933293116 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615389290
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.33 uniqueConf 1615389290 originConf 933293116
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510518916 that extends conf 1615389290 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 345722144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254513404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 254513404 originConf 345722144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405700314 that extends conf 254513404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160326849 that extends conf 405700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1381702512 that extends conf 254513404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762722278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 849669310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.34 uniqueConf 849669310 originConf 762722278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2069082541 that extends conf 849669310 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1371953731 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1601333072
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.34 uniqueConf 1601333072 originConf 1371953731
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 487964833 that extends conf 1601333072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129344690 that extends conf 487964833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492325929 that extends conf 1601333072 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.34's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358820431 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 332405156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.35 uniqueConf 332405156 originConf 1358820431
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788152379 that extends conf 332405156 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1718918890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1577864993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.35 uniqueConf 1577864993 originConf 1718918890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916998751 that extends conf 1577864993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187053699 that extends conf 1916998751 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 528280723 that extends conf 1577864993 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.35's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 942523415 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605414599
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.36 uniqueConf 605414599 originConf 942523415
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169251264 that extends conf 605414599 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2000429588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 686688828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.36 uniqueConf 686688828 originConf 2000429588
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674840194 that extends conf 686688828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 382788897 that extends conf 674840194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2136347897 that extends conf 686688828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.36's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 838301585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734902032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.37 uniqueConf 1734902032 originConf 838301585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297137378 that extends conf 1734902032 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 270333767 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 651535127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.37 uniqueConf 651535127 originConf 270333767
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923727115 that extends conf 651535127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482986993 that extends conf 923727115 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171611746 that extends conf 651535127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.37's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStorageStateRecovery#testBlockPoolStorageStates
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
