msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 979550238 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1558395480
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1558395480 originConf 979550238
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325866488 that extends conf 1558395480 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 375074687 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 662666707
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 662666707 originConf 375074687
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749486981 that extends conf 662666707 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1347016882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 307605969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 307605969 originConf 1347016882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975001918 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118555812 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261845810 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1748097277 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1513029997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1513029997 originConf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 724028528 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 842957574 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2080125222 that extends conf 1513029997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 254955665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 656349395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 656349395 originConf 254955665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554877309 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723278948 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103118806 that extends conf 656349395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkFallback#testInternalDeleteExisting2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
