msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220759559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1220759559 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 355885103 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 375097969 that extends conf 1220759559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 203409950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 203409950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507061061 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045913001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 2045913001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366916060 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851480926 that extends conf 366916060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647243882 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050275256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957282992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1957282992 originConf 2050275256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474933596 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 474933596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 1957282992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 451959555 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1340051218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1340051218 originConf 451959555
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727424614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1041326823 originConf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1933077874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844579038
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1844579038 originConf 1933077874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639105046 that extends conf 800497654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 1844579038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015122628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811787796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1811787796 originConf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2011695710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 913806791 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 249515830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 249515830 originConf 913806791
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 109065770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedAndReplicatedFileChecksum
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
