msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 683718244 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1760401098 originConf 683718244
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701681793 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507061061 that extends conf 1760401098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005093407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470132045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 470132045 originConf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1502079282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1250644519 originConf 1502079282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185203393 that extends conf 1250644519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1015122628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1811787796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1811787796 originConf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011695710 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2011695710 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 1811787796 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515116175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533956291
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 533956291 originConf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1011599868 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392289808 that extends conf 1011599868 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 533956291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
