msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876962272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1960253514 originConf 876962272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 29774113 that extends conf 1710191146 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 28145535 that extends conf 1960253514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720746883 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265287441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1265287441 originConf 1720746883
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936375962 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 633727380 that extends conf 1936375962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332498651 that extends conf 1265287441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1791589252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248435962
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1248435962 originConf 1791589252
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123166613 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 1123166613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456314134 that extends conf 1248435962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1808527451 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202907617
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202907617 originConf 1808527451
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261838162 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017380745 that extends conf 261838162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859823482 that extends conf 1202907617 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2004628751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595188851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1595188851 originConf 2004628751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67811496 that extends conf 1595188851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293870357 that extends conf 67811496 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336927685 that extends conf 1595188851 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 392403246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 663215704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 663215704 originConf 392403246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465839591 that extends conf 663215704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666312528 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 835426017 that extends conf 663215704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 960004592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 426070939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 426070939 originConf 960004592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747702724 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 1747702724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620301064 that extends conf 426070939 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9983638 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904676263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1904676263 originConf 9983638
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90380642 that extends conf 1904676263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638525764 that extends conf 90380642 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663277822 that extends conf 1904676263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545563479 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[12]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
