msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1149407083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1149407083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512256603 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740467528 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 855724043 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 855724043
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008612116 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980533504 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769598893 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1424497441 originConf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011342562 that extends conf 544628437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280443567 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 596779307 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 596779307
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2063009760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2074492901 originConf 2063009760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337655323 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877363600 that extends conf 1337655323 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23053378 that extends conf 2074492901 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 497479191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 622263400
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 622263400 originConf 497479191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715289224 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278879704 that extends conf 715289224 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10405169 that extends conf 622263400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238467882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352378889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 352378889 originConf 238467882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125098735 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksum3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
