msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777043124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300576734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300576734 originConf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1687087217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360878852 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220524164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1220524164 originConf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090289474 that extends conf 1220524164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886004375 that extends conf 2090289474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186989416 that extends conf 1220524164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586917260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 586917260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700348233 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1842952737 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1798861270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1798861270 originConf 1842952737
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817018735 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466319810 that extends conf 817018735 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843594609 that extends conf 1798861270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 219638321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178259104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 178259104 originConf 219638321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 466577384 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 466577384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584157293 that extends conf 178259104 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1868987089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 737935282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 737935282 originConf 1868987089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289563251 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141932519 that extends conf 1289563251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389247924 that extends conf 737935282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73608444 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1659282412 originConf 73608444
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997224928 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365864880 that extends conf 1997224928 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989826789 that extends conf 1659282412 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161118423 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303846650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 303846650 originConf 161118423
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741370455 that extends conf 806738808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32737623 that extends conf 303846650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081159401 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[9]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
