msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 851480926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 851480926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202064342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 202064342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836972194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1861754673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1861754673 originConf 836972194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 754707140 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 754707140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 680319659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 31366484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 31366484 originConf 680319659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562090557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229329107 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92941132 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783218541 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1926296244
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 1926296244 originConf 783218541
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107218767 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81194567 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 917704874 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1765865093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 1765865093 originConf 917704874
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134894336 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 774095232 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523359711 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 225753796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 225753796 originConf 1523359711
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179233442 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987805552 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1418550995 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935870377 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640449427 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158012316 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330901005 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 289739409 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317542261 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273932206 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112991455 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801414148 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420365366 that extends conf 1765865093 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551824065 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131603070 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581113346 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80300375 that extends conf 31366484 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245152508 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145860315 that extends conf 225753796 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250708237 that extends conf 1926296244 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
