msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1399530366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541180884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1541180884 originConf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86342729 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478206790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845753259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 845753259 originConf 478206790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359457691 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985122182 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217746021 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 262699807 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660835258 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740615423 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013152702 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804001544 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913069434 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152579767 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427277927 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065638850 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661570085 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 500484223 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438702533 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204873823 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1226251477 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164343205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164343205 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534093163 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915095321 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801044101 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858894308 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323340443 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137934259 that extends conf 323340443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987539727 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780252309 that extends conf 1987539727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1976193593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1976193593 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666077017 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747228469 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913699738 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153788356 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420914896 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858574402 that extends conf 1420914896 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521963303 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781995417 that extends conf 521963303 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1900507315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1900507315 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783676791 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669562372 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16230023 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364687198 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138246788 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885354712 that extends conf 138246788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009952519 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452546661 that extends conf 2009952519 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137671672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 137671672 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304207644 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682200175 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563970246 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904323104 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316028586 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185632832 that extends conf 316028586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143474421 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661478747 that extends conf 2143474421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1106670563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1203145329
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1203145329 originConf 1106670563
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
