msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1725054538 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2077662850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2077662850 originConf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 470132045 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1771687225 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 824357143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 824357143 originConf 1771687225
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 812168041 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 812168041 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402333753 that extends conf 824357143 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1924802798 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755759908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 755759908 originConf 1924802798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518692141 that extends conf 1702478809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073878937 that extends conf 755759908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183905155 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 413550077
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 413550077 originConf 1183905155
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580874189 that extends conf 413550077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137667747 that extends conf 1580874189 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756637412 that extends conf 413550077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 190153364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1272744797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1272744797 originConf 190153364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 1272744797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275626728 that extends conf 369333979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392271025 that extends conf 1272744797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145105559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206946689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1206946689 originConf 145105559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632300236 that extends conf 1206946689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1980194149 that extends conf 1632300236 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 1206946689 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1955587357 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000530216
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2000530216 originConf 1955587357
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147089688 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 147089688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703644914 that extends conf 2000530216 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 521973283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 903064416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 903064416 originConf 521973283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989520513 that extends conf 810576909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529842358 that extends conf 903064416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368955890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1269339945 originConf 368955890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213683471 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
