msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheRebuild
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1408533352 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15892131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 15892131 originConf 1408533352
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984328477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 503144273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1862674654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1862674654 originConf 503144273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1370495328 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526062841 that extends conf 1862674654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1090695601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370224403 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182758821 that extends conf 1370224403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1055104416 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 738174829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 738174829 originConf 1055104416
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 738174829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 185203393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1365197105 originConf 185203393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004655561 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 2004655561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889928215 that extends conf 1365197105 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1097069005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745608181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1745608181 originConf 1097069005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896558831 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613332278 that extends conf 1896558831 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1229184766 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699443392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44278425
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 44278425 originConf 1699443392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499418021 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78265654 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727236
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 727236 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531782631 that extends conf 727236 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheRebuild
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheRebuild
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
