msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 711327356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1881901842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1881901842 originConf 711327356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 1881901842 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 879311295
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 879311295 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632789609 that extends conf 1690233783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144067911 that extends conf 879311295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1086323658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 944752500
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 944752500 originConf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137078855 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540476618 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 944752500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028472807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 542060780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:SecondaryNameNode.1 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 542060780
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366629983
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1366629983 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 1366629983 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1956060889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1292570580
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1292570580 originConf 1956060889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736150547 that extends conf 1292570580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356691811 that extends conf 1736150547 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000421523 that extends conf 1292570580 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1589214445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1449987177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1449987177 originConf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048903970 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939391749 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174383157 that extends conf 1449987177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 620412175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 101601906
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 101601906 originConf 620412175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586779822 that extends conf 101601906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842943543 that extends conf 1586779822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 101601906 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1562595588 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1378592036
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:SecondaryNameNode.2 uniqueConf 1378592036 originConf 1562595588
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 196717412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450420562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 450420562 originConf 196717412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466661605 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557982257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 557982257 originConf 466661605
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 956365425 that extends conf 557982257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827843776 that extends conf 956365425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653774328 that extends conf 557982257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1677840544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 672041498
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 672041498 originConf 1677840544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7646139 that extends conf 672041498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481525476 that extends conf 7646139 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238654703 that extends conf 672041498 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2097614581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066656936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1066656936 originConf 2097614581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729171313 that extends conf 1066656936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791014677 that extends conf 1729171313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267110705 that extends conf 1066656936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041611826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 440926517
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:SecondaryNameNode.3 uniqueConf 440926517 originConf 2041611826
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1931008760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1058921154
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1058921154 originConf 1931008760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069531012 that extends conf 1058921154 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1901700557 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995986600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1995986600 originConf 1901700557
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760763936 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1221433900 that extends conf 1760763936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947173397 that extends conf 1995986600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 947647193 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429462130
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1429462130 originConf 947647193
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300659126 that extends conf 1429462130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1126112943 that extends conf 300659126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914039525 that extends conf 1429462130 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 409778321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1649026294
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1649026294 originConf 409778321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795560878 that extends conf 1649026294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293326812 that extends conf 1795560878 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934908288 that extends conf 1649026294 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 963768574 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665419272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:SecondaryNameNode.4 uniqueConf 665419272 originConf 963768574
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNameEditsConfigs#testNameEditsConfigs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
