msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testReadsAllowedDuringCheckpoint
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1525409936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1387380406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1387380406 originConf 1525409936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485845532 that extends conf 1387380406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592840862 that extends conf 1387380406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955611965 that extends conf 1592840862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367672657 that extends conf 1592840862 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1021565761 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2002790740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 2002790740 originConf 1021565761
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 878861517 that extends conf 2002790740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1532554556 that extends conf 2002790740 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 1532554556 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1690233783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 198098993
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 198098993 originConf 1690233783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 198098993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878700101 that extends conf 198098993 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40875560 that extends conf 1878700101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042891691 that extends conf 1878700101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523084197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 307605969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 307605969 originConf 1523084197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975001918 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118555812 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261845810 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testReadsAllowedDuringCheckpoint
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testReadsAllowedDuringCheckpoint
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
