msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 723063218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1299275874
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1299275874 originConf 723063218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116923336 that extends conf 1299275874 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 585807755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1791845220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1791845220 originConf 585807755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335010046 that extends conf 1791845220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190725601 that extends conf 1335010046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713078735 that extends conf 1791845220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692941790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904621650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1904621650 originConf 1692941790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 750130081 that extends conf 1904621650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593722758 that extends conf 750130081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580415640 that extends conf 1904621650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1382913155 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 860109087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 860109087 originConf 1382913155
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708207177 that extends conf 860109087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 4675973 that extends conf 708207177 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306211337 that extends conf 860109087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 13155083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1404107360
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1404107360 originConf 13155083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482290301 that extends conf 1404107360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947774602 that extends conf 1482290301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199274269 that extends conf 1404107360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 183331516 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1119570896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1119570896 originConf 183331516
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987283704 that extends conf 1119570896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438593896 that extends conf 987283704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 112116513 that extends conf 1119570896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1023122878
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.1 uniqueConf 1023122878 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 798404789 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2145981004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Balancer.2 uniqueConf 2145981004 originConf 798404789
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancer#testBalancerWithIncludeListWithPorts
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
