msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSShouldNotLeakXattrIfSatisfyStoragePolicyCallOnECFiles
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 256572773 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051054834
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 2051054834 originConf 256572773
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1763451585 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 555684743
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 555684743 originConf 1763451585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933798822 that extends conf 555684743 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 555684743 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1818605024
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1818605024 originConf 555684743
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1337485266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2030188738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2030188738 originConf 1337485266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191796757 that extends conf 2030188738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460246234 that extends conf 1191796757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 714503179 that extends conf 2030188738 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1185415309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 909681091
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 909681091 originConf 1185415309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596494824 that extends conf 909681091 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981284545 that extends conf 596494824 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046768563 that extends conf 909681091 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2040548168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404573459
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 404573459 originConf 2040548168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121454747 that extends conf 404573459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662029085 that extends conf 121454747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198555034 that extends conf 404573459 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1032270577 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2024336650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 2024336650 originConf 1032270577
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413147980 that extends conf 2024336650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759435695 that extends conf 413147980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131637909 that extends conf 2024336650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1337124121 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333018267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 333018267 originConf 1337124121
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520212442 that extends conf 333018267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972950202 that extends conf 1520212442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109138074 that extends conf 333018267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1361590725 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1724044584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1724044584 originConf 1361590725
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715142577 that extends conf 1724044584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838593 that extends conf 715142577 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156481893 that extends conf 1724044584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 355947616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1024431742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1024431742 originConf 355947616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 815237360 that extends conf 1024431742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661224259 that extends conf 815237360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415317516 that extends conf 1024431742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181480579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1844642706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1844642706 originConf 181480579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787770273 that extends conf 1844642706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1314204693 that extends conf 1787770273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961917015 that extends conf 1844642706 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1444677035 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405698766
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 405698766 originConf 1444677035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271024 that extends conf 405698766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754326946 that extends conf 271024 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951444884 that extends conf 405698766 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1309356187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 280143149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 280143149 originConf 1309356187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564991145 that extends conf 280143149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43945182 that extends conf 564991145 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520833105 that extends conf 280143149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 206562757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 206562757 originConf 1121454968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSShouldNotLeakXattrIfSatisfyStoragePolicyCallOnECFiles
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSShouldNotLeakXattrIfSatisfyStoragePolicyCallOnECFiles
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
