msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1668808506 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 606049583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 606049583 originConf 1668808506
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445734304 that extends conf 606049583 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045249537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 858791747
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 858791747 originConf 2045249537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338594277 that extends conf 858791747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683594082 that extends conf 1338594277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256153911 that extends conf 858791747 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 465307905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 441492180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 441492180 originConf 465307905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664475584 that extends conf 441492180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 145513472 that extends conf 1664475584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200587804 that extends conf 441492180 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477682048 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1628184528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1628184528 originConf 477682048
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 331361137 that extends conf 1628184528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291750664 that extends conf 331361137 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577905268 that extends conf 1628184528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1611159847 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 990986875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 990986875 originConf 1611159847
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 125687431 that extends conf 990986875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2112535487 that extends conf 125687431 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30949554 that extends conf 990986875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311437729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 822545622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 822545622 originConf 1311437729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987348956 that extends conf 822545622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 610717492 that extends conf 987348956 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30177473 that extends conf 822545622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208377095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 349050663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 349050663 originConf 208377095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146226962 that extends conf 349050663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11960362 that extends conf 2146226962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248972936 that extends conf 349050663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2036532367 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2136004170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 2136004170 originConf 2036532367
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781272583 that extends conf 2136004170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279292198 that extends conf 781272583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114638659 that extends conf 2136004170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746786027 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918919763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 918919763 originConf 1746786027
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291541970 that extends conf 918919763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027081336 that extends conf 1291541970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702003538 that extends conf 918919763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 182535403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111553191
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1111553191 originConf 182535403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662669291 that extends conf 1111553191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404369014 that extends conf 662669291 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471205952 that extends conf 1111553191 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2010322948 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1361733793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1361733793 originConf 2010322948
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1037732461 that extends conf 1361733793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187462427 that extends conf 1037732461 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549022620 that extends conf 1361733793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1100052372 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1693531809
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1693531809 originConf 1100052372
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171594233 that extends conf 1693531809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907636250 that extends conf 1171594233 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776423945 that extends conf 1693531809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testFileFullBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
