msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedClose
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 129153987 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1471086700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1471086700 originConf 129153987
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041109062 that extends conf 1471086700 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2052223881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1433956626
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1433956626 originConf 2052223881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135935001 that extends conf 708443754 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577127077 that extends conf 1433956626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1773008684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1540476618 originConf 1773008684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1540476618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 1540476618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 205615258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 443502884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 443502884 originConf 205615258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 443502884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1720865719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 443502884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1846539844 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1999135802 originConf 1846539844
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130598644 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242408359 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedClose
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.metrics2.sink.TestRollingFileSystemSinkWithHdfs#testSilentFailedClose
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
