msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemCache
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1042790962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1399701152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1399701152 originConf 1042790962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019826979 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594791957 that extends conf 1399701152 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1988644427 that extends conf 1594791957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 693345846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317960117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 317960117 originConf 693345846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195970976 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 195970976 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223000346 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544067887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45880026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 45880026 originConf 1544067887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090563811 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 2090563811 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70978270 that extends conf 45880026 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041451158 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 901815188
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 901815188 originConf 1041451158
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090289474 that extends conf 288797801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592712032 that extends conf 901815188 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 797416363 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761680655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 761680655 originConf 797416363
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217089772 that extends conf 761680655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859928417 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407167674 that extends conf 761680655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 128028301 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665512315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 665512315 originConf 128028301
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 665512315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873168630 that extends conf 206310209 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113414982 that extends conf 665512315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1039759545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1704535540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1704535540 originConf 1039759545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526866775 that extends conf 1704535540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 1526866775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286580650 that extends conf 1704535540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090894907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1096343229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1096343229 originConf 2090894907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711641083 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 1711641083 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685219002 that extends conf 1096343229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1586779822 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559559860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 559559860 originConf 1586779822
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734343965 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696591495 that extends conf 1734343965 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990442552 that extends conf 559559860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1684541910 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557342904
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 557342904 originConf 1684541910
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239937174 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516536489 that extends conf 239937174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053856141 that extends conf 557342904 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150480094 that extends conf 1988644427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemCache
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.lib.service.hadoop.TestFileSystemAccessService#fileSystemCache
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
