msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 638414706 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 468830101
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 468830101 originConf 638414706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541442442 that extends conf 468830101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1903165491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 999111925
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 999111925 originConf 1903165491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804586772 that extends conf 999111925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009726623 that extends conf 1804586772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113376033 that extends conf 999111925 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 229828650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1050882613
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1050882613 originConf 229828650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458304980 that extends conf 1050882613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3194932 that extends conf 458304980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452797085 that extends conf 1050882613 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 763826185 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1778955639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1778955639 originConf 763826185
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058650681 that extends conf 1778955639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1353724955 that extends conf 2058650681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750160043 that extends conf 1778955639 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 318094552 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 35394088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 35394088 originConf 318094552
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 900380176 that extends conf 35394088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467023174 that extends conf 900380176 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190585538 that extends conf 35394088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 160500067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 328209924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 328209924 originConf 160500067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 498413510 that extends conf 328209924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752863368 that extends conf 498413510 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266165817 that extends conf 328209924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 886430749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47156289
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 47156289 originConf 886430749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848158578 that extends conf 47156289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004312472 that extends conf 848158578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459358460 that extends conf 47156289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1980149663 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 77614345
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 77614345 originConf 1980149663
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479498663 that extends conf 77614345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365644774 that extends conf 479498663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 414189689 that extends conf 77614345 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962080845 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 349872909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 349872909 originConf 962080845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596524948 that extends conf 349872909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678045326 that extends conf 596524948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1352950450 that extends conf 349872909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1840380549 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822304418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1822304418 originConf 1840380549
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57921726 that extends conf 1822304418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560428597 that extends conf 57921726 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838299835 that extends conf 1822304418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedInputStream#testStatefulReadWithDNFailure
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
