msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlock
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893899796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1893899796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008229299 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1642308093 originConf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623131585 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 623131585 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998882269 that extends conf 1642308093 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1237264838 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1816397102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1816397102 originConf 1237264838
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365197105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 814111376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 814111376 originConf 1365197105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571956559 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911168986 that extends conf 571956559 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385750189 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599556802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612853208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1612853208 originConf 1599556802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454440929 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215632153 that extends conf 1612853208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2107706203 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1112940474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1112940474 originConf 2107706203
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520836654 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103666479 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 1112940474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlock
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReconstructStripedBlocks#testMissingStripedBlock
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
