msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523855802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2018097551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2018097551 originConf 1523855802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11942005 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003459993 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933322003 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2133188004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2133188004 originConf 933322003
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091681390 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20529430 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1755230235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593784303
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 593784303 originConf 1755230235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694999900 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506124859 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891057095 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 601479069 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172270225 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017700588 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780073637 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568802988 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461472228 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186223587 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745504847 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482138030 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561158772 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698953895 that extends conf 593784303 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405784485 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832279744 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676782870 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285368133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1233021448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1233021448 originConf 285368133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 606183174 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1268171448 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061902470 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486775275 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603665219 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531021329 that extends conf 603665219 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1448271073 that extends conf 1233021448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17094458 that extends conf 1448271073 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983385975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450488407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 450488407 originConf 983385975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094428595 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252367594 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518488709 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1360619690 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141463817 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164874693 that extends conf 2141463817 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38267214 that extends conf 450488407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309695968 that extends conf 38267214 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 285368133 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068709850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2068709850 originConf 285368133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396907441 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021970133 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141892707 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035812821 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1618965505 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972276919 that extends conf 1618965505 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238945013 that extends conf 2068709850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500089366 that extends conf 238945013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 983385975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1138225538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1138225538 originConf 983385975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 177597583 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471683984 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517891400 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042189404 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251824314 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179240798 that extends conf 251824314 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85992644 that extends conf 1138225538 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655461566 that extends conf 85992644 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1745032194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1310961642
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1310961642 originConf 1745032194
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
