msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testUpdatePipeline
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662912171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 740007499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 740007499 originConf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 756080817 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784834205 that extends conf 756080817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908384914 that extends conf 740007499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1037942373 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1037942373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981159997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 981159997 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 366916060 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202081661
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1202081661 originConf 366916060
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028036437 that extends conf 651235118 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1202081661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005093407 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 470132045
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 470132045 originConf 1005093407
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520656618 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130850024 that extends conf 470132045 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1769598893 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424497441
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1424497441 originConf 1769598893
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574077658 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1951500432 that extends conf 1424497441 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430207342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 45416784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 45416784 originConf 1430207342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688310330 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 1688310330 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 45416784 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1971283804 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1438000681
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1438000681 originConf 1971283804
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537689020 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773238925 that extends conf 1537689020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761863997 that extends conf 1438000681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1157199772 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10405169
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10405169 originConf 1157199772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 741883443 that extends conf 10405169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357653585 that extends conf 741883443 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 10405169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1400582895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969856053
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1969856053 originConf 1400582895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458748394 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227224309 that extends conf 1458748394 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047515321 that extends conf 1969856053 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testUpdatePipeline
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testUpdatePipeline
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
