msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 200395911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106949236
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 106949236 originConf 200395911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119952102 that extends conf 106949236 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532849657 that extends conf 106949236 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721832558 that extends conf 532849657 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455302221 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1331386488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1331386488 originConf 1455302221
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915362475 that extends conf 1331386488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 841163632 that extends conf 915362475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116486085 that extends conf 1331386488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872828713 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 260898840 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653037855 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69204894 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556038781 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683951009 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1535398342 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1922282878 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560411832 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525081334 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 25255792 that extends conf 1721832558 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 200395911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897948866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1897948866 originConf 200395911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788571788 that extends conf 1897948866 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 39574605 that extends conf 1897948866 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802843926 that extends conf 39574605 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRestartAfterReencryptAndCheckpoint
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
