msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImage
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1859374258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1490509465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1490509465 originConf 1859374258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271095942 that extends conf 1490509465 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 702999333 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2051598050 originConf 702999333
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336775847 that extends conf 1950136544 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992801971 that extends conf 2051598050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1360878852 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1759915172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1759915172 originConf 1360878852
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1838250251 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1928174253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217089772
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1217089772 originConf 1928174253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199150625 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586917260 that extends conf 199150625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1883237069 that extends conf 1217089772 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1145302895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 722160979
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 722160979 originConf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 805690186 that extends conf 722160979 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81269359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2066366456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2066366456 originConf 81269359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956060889 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 1956060889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728057672 that extends conf 2066366456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225970981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 353580491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 353580491 originConf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964981922 that extends conf 353580491 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 9983638 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904676263
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1904676263 originConf 9983638
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810576909 that extends conf 1904676263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209845522 that extends conf 810576909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550080835 that extends conf 1904676263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1122118227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 1526296937 originConf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 1526296937 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049837144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1368193098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1368193098 originConf 2049837144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724399560 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519100796 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 345986913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 837233852
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 837233852 originConf 345986913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139266166 that extends conf 837233852 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593573025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366811528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1366811528 originConf 593573025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827869767 that extends conf 1366811528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208539442 that extends conf 1827869767 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1366811528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1238339624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2095702106
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 2095702106 originConf 1238339624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660915526 that extends conf 2095702106 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2139501486 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643838324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1643838324 originConf 2139501486
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256642638 that extends conf 1643838324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1580153829 that extends conf 256642638 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689717017 that extends conf 1643838324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImage
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImageWithSnapshot#testSaveLoadImage
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
