msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testNNFailover
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2020994974 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366238172
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1366238172 originConf 2020994974
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 232733908 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313281354 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1353433304 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2130394317
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2130394317 originConf 1353433304
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516737305 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721701854 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1746536421 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1983241949
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1983241949 originConf 1746536421
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108779642 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383463302 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348786082 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750687693 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239925542 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989722391 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1669508796 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584611563 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787395299 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915654022 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938123912 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1261448094 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832279744 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598506247 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315729775 that extends conf 1983241949 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676782870 that extends conf 2130394317 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417168005 that extends conf 1366238172 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1522597253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274843170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1274843170 originConf 1522597253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255314543 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873155841 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012169652 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710409102 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263623971 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57948640 that extends conf 1263623971 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278543161 that extends conf 1274843170 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848417894 that extends conf 1278543161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 490455766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329930450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 329930450 originConf 490455766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027215761 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83975513 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426279079 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629361190 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648453471 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980236511 that extends conf 1648453471 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 899421141 that extends conf 329930450 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090237551 that extends conf 899421141 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1522597253 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2068617622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2068617622 originConf 1522597253
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989336417 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123613000 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905218655 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992972442 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186755409 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917935075 that extends conf 1186755409 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244934421 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316358579 that extends conf 244934421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 490455766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905135313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 905135313 originConf 490455766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014122924 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304682882 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438623343 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279367500 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612976869 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865332909 that extends conf 1612976869 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777763086 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565088453 that extends conf 1777763086 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239250059 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279874785 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459029689 that extends conf 2068617622 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083818672 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360111742 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091794218 that extends conf 905135313 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testNNFailover
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testNNFailover
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
