msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testStreamFlush
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 529811476 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1492007092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1492007092 originConf 529811476
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789866098 that extends conf 1492007092 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1724928290 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1395085401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1395085401 originConf 1724928290
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32611200 that extends conf 1395085401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579645869 that extends conf 32611200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992705413 that extends conf 1395085401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 656009877 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 835042622
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 835042622 originConf 656009877
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1623162678 that extends conf 835042622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011969651 that extends conf 1623162678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837916081 that extends conf 835042622 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1075749709 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 968697020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 968697020 originConf 1075749709
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304663552 that extends conf 968697020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 639965794 that extends conf 304663552 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585659340 that extends conf 968697020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 265113215 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 178037152
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 178037152 originConf 265113215
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 543142570 that extends conf 178037152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793557475 that extends conf 543142570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796714744 that extends conf 178037152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1087667714 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1154231010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1154231010 originConf 1087667714
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75713259 that extends conf 1154231010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585454606 that extends conf 75713259 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075120019 that extends conf 1154231010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 483521273 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1737661113
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1737661113 originConf 483521273
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885671281 that extends conf 1737661113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287885750 that extends conf 1885671281 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591591301 that extends conf 1737661113 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678412598 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 744819326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 744819326 originConf 678412598
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440765381 that extends conf 744819326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1524327253 that extends conf 1440765381 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348475717 that extends conf 744819326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178852419 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 905265619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 905265619 originConf 178852419
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100084583 that extends conf 905265619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211146923 that extends conf 1100084583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935689186 that extends conf 905265619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 367028495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1252147951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1252147951 originConf 367028495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902911489 that extends conf 1252147951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 439974653 that extends conf 1902911489 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132476351 that extends conf 1252147951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1256274206 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1653593366
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1653593366 originConf 1256274206
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027780257 that extends conf 1653593366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773701128 that extends conf 2027780257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981065022 that extends conf 1653593366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 197467236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1026791385
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1026791385 originConf 197467236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422577705 that extends conf 1026791385 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850551894 that extends conf 422577705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554881954 that extends conf 1026791385 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testStreamFlush
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStream#testStreamFlush
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
