msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithMultipleNN
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 615484323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 452761324
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 452761324 originConf 615484323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441430490 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012032928 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1779203508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325287546
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1325287546 originConf 1779203508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240500336 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273500196 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2100191512 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1985754539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1985754539 originConf 2100191512
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309028451 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47095474 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171975506 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658303516 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 119758661 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135786802 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728192300 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312576269 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604983246 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809955323 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005175199 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862950915 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172190492 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1284430337 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182183793 that extends conf 1325287546 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034452510 that extends conf 452761324 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1169792543 that extends conf 1985754539 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437164186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1532206616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1532206616 originConf 1437164186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104878089 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123483942 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407847196 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316359759 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234479261 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 962139141 that extends conf 1234479261 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 819909105 that extends conf 1234479261 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50501728 that extends conf 1532206616 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159037096 that extends conf 50501728 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837885121 that extends conf 50501728 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1295645435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 857104769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 857104769 originConf 1295645435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561548708 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499608390 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67445564 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2053663011 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089479688 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585040488 that extends conf 2089479688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770558924 that extends conf 2089479688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836060389 that extends conf 857104769 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184974829 that extends conf 1836060389 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481808659 that extends conf 1836060389 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1606929122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2130663246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2130663246 originConf 1606929122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648247709 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345931077 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1876173241 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554817920 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 458320252 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 695118351 that extends conf 458320252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384312887 that extends conf 458320252 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720870890 that extends conf 2130663246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989736653 that extends conf 1720870890 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721033923 that extends conf 1720870890 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1437164186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 26718822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 26718822 originConf 1437164186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 290586859 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134283457 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166662481 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1249200094 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404926173 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604827274 that extends conf 1404926173 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678956476 that extends conf 1404926173 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7465507 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951193952 that extends conf 7465507 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1513331988 that extends conf 7465507 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1295645435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 667015445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 667015445 originConf 1295645435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057557193 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789971917 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618841292 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358878332 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803051245 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470208560 that extends conf 1803051245 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1307048879 that extends conf 1803051245 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391238161 that extends conf 667015445 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057404702 that extends conf 391238161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680722644 that extends conf 391238161 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1606929122 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 255719146
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 255719146 originConf 1606929122
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966515535 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977799818 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759617813 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1397459405 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 64980936 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138266059 that extends conf 64980936 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111543187 that extends conf 64980936 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1000552930 that extends conf 255719146 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153239193 that extends conf 1000552930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 568704196 that extends conf 1000552930 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723226281 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757704193 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816122517 that extends conf 26718822 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithMultipleNN
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestRollingUpgrade#testCheckpointWithMultipleNN
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
