msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 677317086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 677317086 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 472234151 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1826747905 that extends conf 677317086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854989361 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1235635586 originConf 854989361
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533173186 that extends conf 1389432760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596333086 that extends conf 1235635586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 742672280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829966070
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1829966070 originConf 742672280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088744071 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1088744071 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 317960117 that extends conf 1829966070 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1822630059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1637601612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1637601612 originConf 1822630059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1855734078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105090408 that extends conf 1637601612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195970976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 558404860
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 558404860 originConf 195970976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412656257 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1902455960 that extends conf 1412656257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211586911 that extends conf 558404860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 28145535 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1425405511
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1425405511 originConf 28145535
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 1425405511 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1531175283 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1298557761
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1298557761 originConf 1531175283
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3694603 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 3694603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599556802 that extends conf 1298557761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164622694 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511651343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368153528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 368153528 originConf 511651343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1515116175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 249515830
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 249515830 originConf 1515116175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109065770 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 585074510 that extends conf 109065770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1870749311 that extends conf 249515830 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539038539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 347986320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 347986320 originConf 1539038539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754530437 that extends conf 347986320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2051240763 that extends conf 1754530437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19203449 that extends conf 347986320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
