msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testPendingReplicationRetry
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798310141 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816468636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1318475957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1318475957 originConf 1816468636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1369468094 that extends conf 1428726828 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560465923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554118033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1618326227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1618326227 originConf 1554118033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 206310209 that extends conf 1618326227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2066366456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 666312528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 666312528 originConf 2066366456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1815592231 that extends conf 666312528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 1815592231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142735456 that extends conf 666312528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1247127272 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1589214445 originConf 1247127272
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007138812 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78377968 that extends conf 2007138812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374432753 that extends conf 1589214445 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893987183 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 621486957
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 621486957 originConf 1893987183
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559559860 that extends conf 1675239551 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659282412 that extends conf 621486957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 394349340 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 700837405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 700837405 originConf 394349340
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701646500 that extends conf 700837405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45795770 that extends conf 1701646500 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1809995046 that extends conf 700837405 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1640458320 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2086945474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2086945474 originConf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365163763 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546886525 that extends conf 1365163763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2059282367 that extends conf 2086945474 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049837144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1368193098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1368193098 originConf 2049837144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724399560 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519100796 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1847410999 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 679442449
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 679442449 originConf 1847410999
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 525527919 that extends conf 679442449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 31906520 that extends conf 525527919 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521746054 that extends conf 679442449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 882962176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1742900195
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1742900195 originConf 882962176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501513951 that extends conf 1742900195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889753223 that extends conf 1501513951 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2003961164 that extends conf 1742900195 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testPendingReplicationRetry
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReplication#testPendingReplicationRetry
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
