msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1902237905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 485845532
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 485845532 originConf 1902237905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814827909 that extends conf 485845532 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1773008684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 437630857
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 437630857 originConf 1773008684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36550900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 492252770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 492252770 originConf 36550900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7548983 that extends conf 492252770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 485475507 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1869247587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1869247587 originConf 485475507
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 1869247587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1801422599 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1011481270 originConf 1801422599
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 1011481270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800497654 that extends conf 1481594007 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 1011481270 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611739613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 797416363
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 797416363 originConf 611739613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928174253 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261838162 that extends conf 1928174253 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818859466 that extends conf 797416363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 646445398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1783463798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1783463798 originConf 646445398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509858326 that extends conf 1783463798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 509858326 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766101 that extends conf 1783463798 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 817018735 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615873578
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1615873578 originConf 817018735
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65551384 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 65551384 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717136008 that extends conf 1615873578 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
