msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1256405521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1256405521 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 1153933106 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060042118 that extends conf 1256405521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760401098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372137902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1372137902 originConf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370495328 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1733619456 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 996533593 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1608103523 originConf 996533593
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237484673 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1031968647 that extends conf 237484673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 1608103523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1248276879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1716551994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1716551994 originConf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429804587 that extends conf 681158875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 1716551994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1704214570 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 889928215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 889928215 originConf 1704214570
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736458419 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405055124 that extends conf 889928215 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 308021294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1074844820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1074844820 originConf 308021294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2135790485 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 2135790485 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7395550 that extends conf 1074844820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1897221921 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617937669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1617937669 originConf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475759966 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872088401 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352378889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1731967318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1731967318 originConf 352378889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050320909 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485047320 that extends conf 2050320909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276714561 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 102103410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1751274967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1751274967 originConf 102103410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619837572 that extends conf 1751274967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536104952 that extends conf 619837572 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210161698 that extends conf 1751274967 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery19
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
