msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35534346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1072377306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1072377306 originConf 35534346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1989132530 that extends conf 1072377306 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 145455292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380616082
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 380616082 originConf 145455292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641664202 that extends conf 380616082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1817154869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1817154869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 438123546 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055104416 that extends conf 438123546 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692523793 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095203437
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1095203437 originConf 1692523793
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642356615 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962865655 that extends conf 1642356615 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 931911789 that extends conf 1095203437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419280591 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1173504361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1173504361 originConf 419280591
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869177530 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1869177530 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702478809 that extends conf 1173504361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125865913 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1827212229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1827212229 originConf 125865913
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215614514 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922992444 that extends conf 215614514 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99042020 that extends conf 1827212229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1580874189 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1327539680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1327539680 originConf 1580874189
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 420993295 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 420993295 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 180078856 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173059685 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 836972194
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 836972194 originConf 173059685
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562249660 that extends conf 160945458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923360749 that extends conf 836972194 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 722160979 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 466319810
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 466319810 originConf 722160979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040623756 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806588571 that extends conf 2040623756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039759545 that extends conf 466319810 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178259104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1832657711
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1832657711 originConf 178259104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1559788797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235908203 that extends conf 1832657711 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386020581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1257532915
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1257532915 originConf 1386020581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439693138 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058174333 that extends conf 1439693138 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369351727 that extends conf 1257532915 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1941598182 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2015455415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2015455415 originConf 1941598182
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723602324 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027837674 that extends conf 723602324 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802029863 that extends conf 2015455415 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696591495 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367503763
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1367503763 originConf 696591495
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62915435 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510445648 that extends conf 62915435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235686146 that extends conf 1367503763 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278753868 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1122118227 originConf 278753868
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706915627 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113416412 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484982263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1292325833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1292325833 originConf 1484982263
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2048869869 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 212416033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 212416033 originConf 2048869869
msx-rc 0
