msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710989308 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 50699452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 50699452 originConf 1710989308
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 50699452 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269773610 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1269773610
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 818093527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 47918293
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 47918293 originConf 818093527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917442783 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504478805 that extends conf 1917442783 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553879264 that extends conf 47918293 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 854989361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 854989361 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725054538 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774468680 that extends conf 854989361 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068232840 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1133227388 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1517116047 originConf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1158124724 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659435106 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReconstructStripedFileWithRandomECPolicy#testRecoverAllParityBlocks
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
