msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferTo
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1104443373 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1104443373 originConf 1104443373
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 1104443373 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 36531985 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 36531985 originConf 36531985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023996917 that extends conf 36531985 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 85059077 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 85059077 originConf 85059077
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818316925 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 142084869 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 142084869 originConf 142084869
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222196430 that extends conf 142084869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949326534 that extends conf 222196430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784691160 that extends conf 142084869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1837748798 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357398224 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1089275027 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 926159098 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1085660587 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096535282 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369125909 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1054668830 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787832065 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596232082 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 169153788 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916209651 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332596734 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1525732291 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706495058 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602998059 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507231933 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558311544 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100810305 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301743240 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142748386 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 967450425 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600487972 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594106723 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028005829 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544961318 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106380204 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617504203 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 526681957 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1120507475 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030185633 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409500393 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 902986342 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934427409 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560930590 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1245014919 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838868027 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547026281 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933512972 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009880168 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179545127 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675246235 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237655931 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246899651 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 362710584 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811460407 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662537729 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769055480 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083208000 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523299521 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2103675599 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515484845 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324949920 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099847417 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825709994 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788836214 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748220935 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2015593349 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095880798 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869833057 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393545651 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357764893 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460040327 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415202198 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029706878 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1725445797 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716968307 that extends conf 85059077 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferTo
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileConcurrentReader#testUnfinishedBlockCRCErrorTransferTo
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
