msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1378918544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 451264559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 451264559 originConf 1378918544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288360403 that extends conf 451264559 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1702210045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1467510729
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1467510729 originConf 1702210045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1143126780 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987009404 that extends conf 1143126780 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725157011 that extends conf 1467510729 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1491965630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228333228
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1228333228 originConf 1491965630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2034236921 that extends conf 1228333228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1672290781 that extends conf 2034236921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704638840 that extends conf 1228333228 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 138850138 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1337206170
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1337206170 originConf 138850138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475061126 that extends conf 1337206170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1593236969 that extends conf 1475061126 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096238333 that extends conf 1337206170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 825310810 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977360974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 977360974 originConf 825310810
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599307680 that extends conf 977360974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848864909 that extends conf 599307680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907342415 that extends conf 977360974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 192313540 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1189093479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1189093479 originConf 192313540
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762773672 that extends conf 1189093479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1560786090 that extends conf 1762773672 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501333968 that extends conf 1189093479 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 233399219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562580310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1562580310 originConf 233399219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531710382 that extends conf 1562580310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140100094 that extends conf 531710382 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124552932 that extends conf 1562580310 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662906360 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 365193657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 365193657 originConf 1662906360
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663060023 that extends conf 365193657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1831314122 that extends conf 663060023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463346884 that extends conf 365193657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 879812289 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725151801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1725151801 originConf 879812289
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720198046 that extends conf 1725151801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709289055 that extends conf 1720198046 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1795336641 that extends conf 1725151801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 468853623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1241360888
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1241360888 originConf 468853623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728015149 that extends conf 1241360888 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848490386 that extends conf 1728015149 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845259069 that extends conf 1241360888 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 549499686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 409486518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 409486518 originConf 549499686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57942133 that extends conf 409486518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012906759 that extends conf 57942133 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123281032 that extends conf 409486518 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456411418 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1345763442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1345763442 originConf 456411418
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337828221 that extends conf 1345763442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926090644 that extends conf 1337828221 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675832231 that extends conf 1345763442 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileBlockSizeSmallerThanCellSize
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
