msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523855802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2018097551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2018097551 originConf 1523855802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11942005 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003459993 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933322003 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2133188004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2133188004 originConf 933322003
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091681390 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224906312 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593784303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114522909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2114522909 originConf 593784303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633237304 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132451019 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734114559 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655513105 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791928574 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832312203 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223854525 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930021279 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013152702 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804001544 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188578528 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626087714 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113618073 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919292758 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164711411 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134369841 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023652902 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 700048201 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1463518007
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1463518007 originConf 700048201
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869675002 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371620302 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1289690742 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936189564 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107506164 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903688441 that extends conf 107506164 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325627908 that extends conf 1463518007 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 23978287 that extends conf 1325627908 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2056915240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 676460407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 676460407 originConf 2056915240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26000354 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735328806 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96484464 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641926618 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91404957 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1714337409 that extends conf 91404957 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508048565 that extends conf 676460407 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1190682280 that extends conf 1508048565 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 700048201 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 500490292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 500490292 originConf 700048201
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909199615 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827143803 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928407854 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54536789 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414590423 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2145930610 that extends conf 1414590423 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956408193 that extends conf 500490292 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768394053 that extends conf 1956408193 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2056915240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 119840773
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 119840773 originConf 2056915240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472963011 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719878505 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1022812905 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700143738 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745032194 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933642222 that extends conf 1745032194 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470484798 that extends conf 119840773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047535394 that extends conf 1470484798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1521931690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 188572374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 188572374 originConf 1521931690
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Refresh nodes successful for.*
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Refresh nodes successful for.*
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshNodesNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
