msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_4
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 567852222
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 567852222 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1111379131 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1950136544 that extends conf 1111379131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434015813 that extends conf 567852222 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540476618 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876823802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 876823802 originConf 1540476618
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223050066 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677543539 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553821397 that extends conf 876823802 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 517693873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 257718694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 257718694 originConf 517693873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917277283 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843959601 that extends conf 917277283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402978317 that extends conf 257718694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 502102804 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1179689991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1179689991 originConf 502102804
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1797159635 that extends conf 1179689991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1288815068 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1114525788
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1114525788 originConf 1288815068
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455064947 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285072597 that extends conf 1455064947 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292570580 that extends conf 1114525788 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 540206885 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1726515679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1726515679 originConf 540206885
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044965465 that extends conf 1726515679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095849663 that extends conf 1044965465 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948650013 that extends conf 1726515679 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 487764004 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 513279161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 513279161 originConf 487764004
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103234208 that extends conf 513279161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142261320 that extends conf 1103234208 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675239551 that extends conf 513279161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1998434604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 638525764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 638525764 originConf 1998434604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 399699227 that extends conf 638525764 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1526296937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1220747354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1220747354 originConf 1526296937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232703108 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318288344 that extends conf 1232703108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 339126187 that extends conf 1220747354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2049837144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1368193098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1368193098 originConf 2049837144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913113425 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724399560 that extends conf 1913113425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1519100796 that extends conf 1368193098 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 698676628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 727018418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 727018418 originConf 698676628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479100519 that extends conf 727018418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9361871 that extends conf 1479100519 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605190078 that extends conf 727018418 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_4
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameDirAndDeleteSnapshot_4
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
