msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithActiveNN
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 601008104 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 601008104 originConf 601008104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687940142 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665197552 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1622458036 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1622458036 originConf 1622458036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131184547 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988850650 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 149225732 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 149225732 originConf 149225732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945834881 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574749319 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674249765 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1521831663 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564399423 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699611229 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356160674 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183490927 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 785847141 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088049844 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291305144 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225272447 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127730332 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 407884264 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527785724 that extends conf 1622458036 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657991012 that extends conf 149225732 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1092865724 that extends conf 601008104 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 214649627 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 214649627 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 594858858 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48353440 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194829597 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799070177 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088239991 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 1088239991 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495161082 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 961859592 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 961859592 originConf 961859592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1527478600 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032438158 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1910189081 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 1058650291 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 215759534 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2129844134 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98351968 that extends conf 215759534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1278616846 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1278616846 originConf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560549459 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072509808 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122294769 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792550442 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1306535359 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1401295795 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 519019247 that extends conf 1306535359 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288919635 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572442646 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052842393 that extends conf 288919635 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420623741 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201568315 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9031145 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093639128 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032427405 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898524437 that extends conf 214649627 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 214649627 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 510368405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 510368405 originConf 214649627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164699452 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904530689 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871690754 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039573012 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35864696 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590129041 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178777373 that extends conf 35864696 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 340789130 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208184824 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774589469 that extends conf 340789130 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 961859592 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 773296871
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 773296871 originConf 961859592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161382705 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13420813 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 75906165 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821737873 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1701436909 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181567472 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 1701436909 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 773296871 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106113013 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 763236610 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1278616846 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.3, let clone and return new conf 1832284192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1832284192 originConf 1278616846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472036907 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210137800 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944714720 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665415103 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 816804727 that extends conf 1908999587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1908999587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497786326 that extends conf 1832284192 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862900975 that extends conf 497786326 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185854946 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551169444 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505902267 that extends conf 510368405 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381930033 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312348533 that extends conf 381930033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676010932 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173059685 that extends conf 1676010932 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115740432 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980823951 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 718456127 that extends conf 1312348533 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915233792 that extends conf 1278616846 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312565954 that extends conf 915233792 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783785150 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749098095 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45101215 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345079537 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845689160 that extends conf 312565954 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithActiveNN
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM#testBootstrapStandbyWithActiveNN
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
