msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1923634801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1923634801 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321115948 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 1321115948 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635082651 that extends conf 1923634801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 605705199 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1933129092
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1933129092 originConf 605705199
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 537265886 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 537265886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1933129092 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456785282 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 452457802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 841537936
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 841537936 originConf 452457802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 405488475 that extends conf 1484275564 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290614253 that extends conf 841537936 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356236848 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 842957574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 842957574 originConf 1356236848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1895054149 that extends conf 1470420462 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1599566873 that extends conf 842957574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 140428850 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238431319
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 238431319 originConf 140428850
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904208473 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622694817 that extends conf 904208473 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997294994 that extends conf 238431319 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623051334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1248276879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1248276879 originConf 623051334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1355766307 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991290395 that extends conf 1355766307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727424614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1041326823 originConf 1727424614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 1565713391 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222094219 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1053744929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1865617081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1865617081 originConf 1053744929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 874153561 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 874153561 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 1865617081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68217166 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1015122628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1015122628 originConf 68217166
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617937669 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624693846 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769252629 that extends conf 1015122628 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 962700314 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352378889
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 352378889 originConf 962700314
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625901537 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1125098735 that extends conf 1625901537 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110068611 that extends conf 352378889 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1113949786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1113949786 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 344001991 that extends conf 1113949786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1390291781 that extends conf 344001991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2004393499 that extends conf 1113949786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery10
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
