msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithAllCorruptReplicas
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1164107853 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 812586739
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 812586739 originConf 1164107853
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 220454978 that extends conf 812586739 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87242619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 87242619 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830863979 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 830863979 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 87242619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882116496 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 94682872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 94682872 originConf 1882116496
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238874235 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713605602 that extends conf 94682872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1539088279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553879264
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 553879264 originConf 1539088279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2108708444 that extends conf 1848886161 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008159348 that extends conf 553879264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 564893839
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 564893839 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173059685 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428022141 that extends conf 173059685 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054787417 that extends conf 564893839 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389779746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145302895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1145302895 originConf 389779746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123418227 that extends conf 1145302895 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106468732 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1098737173 that extends conf 1145302895 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 982634822
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 982634822 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133177937 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559788797 that extends conf 133177937 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361903111 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithAllCorruptReplicas
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestProcessCorruptBlocks#testWithAllCorruptReplicas
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
