msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerDisabled
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798310141 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 238874235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526305386
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1526305386 originConf 238874235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47918293 that extends conf 437630857 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1848886161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 557725225
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 557725225 originConf 1848886161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391119179 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1392886653 that extends conf 1391119179 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1358857082 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 92864491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 92864491 originConf 1358857082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530870688 that extends conf 92864491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456314134 that extends conf 1530870688 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797416363 that extends conf 92864491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerDisabled
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover#testDiskBalancerDisabled
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
