msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1722461623 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137121665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1137121665 originConf 1722461623
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157439898 that extends conf 1137121665 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710238989 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 756632804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 756632804 originConf 710238989
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2136108589 that extends conf 756632804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372319952 that extends conf 2136108589 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811174144 that extends conf 756632804 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 906511712 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 228944010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 228944010 originConf 906511712
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 367220396 that extends conf 228944010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 88992330 that extends conf 367220396 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250718299 that extends conf 228944010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239758870 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1762491016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1762491016 originConf 239758870
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55987529 that extends conf 1762491016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150255129 that extends conf 55987529 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140141474 that extends conf 1762491016 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1170672629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390561952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1390561952 originConf 1170672629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866368614 that extends conf 1390561952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665770693 that extends conf 866368614 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828018878 that extends conf 1390561952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2038639542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 416313721
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 416313721 originConf 2038639542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333515692 that extends conf 416313721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052563096 that extends conf 333515692 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 74666625 that extends conf 416313721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2125346294 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1857986523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1857986523 originConf 2125346294
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535412487 that extends conf 1857986523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725715724 that extends conf 535412487 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919348932 that extends conf 1857986523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1282487812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1819966478
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1819966478 originConf 1282487812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372454509 that extends conf 1819966478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 223243162 that extends conf 372454509 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658642046 that extends conf 1819966478 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2022691595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1160731596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1160731596 originConf 2022691595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825554686 that extends conf 1160731596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301079089 that extends conf 1825554686 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952072566 that extends conf 1160731596 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1959931607 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2115795058
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 2115795058 originConf 1959931607
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558230297 that extends conf 2115795058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7831499 that extends conf 1558230297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377023251 that extends conf 2115795058 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1349221917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1964078731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1964078731 originConf 1349221917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 389619988 that extends conf 1964078731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 631835287 that extends conf 389619988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1994155230 that extends conf 1964078731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406108819 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 717122482
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 717122482 originConf 1406108819
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668891042 that extends conf 717122482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576322108 that extends conf 668891042 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600744544 that extends conf 717122482 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithRandomECPolicy#testFileEqualsWithOneStripe
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
