msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 930482882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 722974042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 722974042 originConf 930482882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 58486725 that extends conf 722974042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 932964100 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 429174799
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 429174799 originConf 932964100
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875093212 that extends conf 429174799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944389853 that extends conf 875093212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115239256 that extends conf 429174799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173694473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128300879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2128300879 originConf 173694473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987151550 that extends conf 2128300879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1219896209 that extends conf 987151550 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432362441 that extends conf 2128300879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 323970180 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1250233258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1250233258 originConf 323970180
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932981329 that extends conf 1250233258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1214186574 that extends conf 1932981329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324069501 that extends conf 1250233258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076065878 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1179897094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1179897094 originConf 2076065878
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913922630 that extends conf 1179897094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476667844 that extends conf 913922630 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654239618 that extends conf 1179897094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1292076159 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 945423469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 945423469 originConf 1292076159
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557116923 that extends conf 945423469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226155459 that extends conf 1557116923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1173492801 that extends conf 945423469 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2067715264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 291396160
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 291396160 originConf 2067715264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392800318 that extends conf 291396160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 883309656 that extends conf 392800318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1586124438 that extends conf 291396160 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 463470561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 82543307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 82543307 originConf 463470561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 580148220 that extends conf 82543307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271955568 that extends conf 580148220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1588202041 that extends conf 82543307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341336052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894471061
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1894471061 originConf 341336052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1523916778 that extends conf 1894471061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737974740 that extends conf 1523916778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 201423417 that extends conf 1894471061 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477012028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 380753316
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 380753316 originConf 477012028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305692994 that extends conf 380753316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013222598 that extends conf 1305692994 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930725938 that extends conf 380753316 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot#testErasureCodingPolicyOnDotSnapshotDir
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
