msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditLogIOExceptionForRemoteNN[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 510063093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 120478350
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 120478350 originConf 510063093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527829831 that extends conf 120478350 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058822905 that extends conf 120478350 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475394679 that extends conf 1058822905 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574615832 that extends conf 1058822905 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357686726 that extends conf 120478350 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491522744 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501608687 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 929706284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822434669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1822434669 originConf 929706284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494894055 that extends conf 1822434669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645875534 that extends conf 1822434669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054451662 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673672784 that extends conf 645875534 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659309731 that extends conf 1822434669 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056862342 that extends conf 1659309731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734184086 that extends conf 1659309731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1947941827 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1667534569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1667534569 originConf 1947941827
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091234211 that extends conf 1667534569 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413373997 that extends conf 1667534569 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024711353 that extends conf 413373997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711310213 that extends conf 413373997 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267042315 that extends conf 1667534569 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335061928 that extends conf 1267042315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108706191 that extends conf 1267042315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditLogIOExceptionForRemoteNN[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestEditLogTailer#testRollEditLogIOExceptionForRemoteNN[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
