msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551915953 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1912269818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1912269818 originConf 1551915953
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081002790 that extends conf 1912269818 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336463528 that extends conf 1912269818 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385555872 that extends conf 1336463528 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1572877525 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238210313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 238210313 originConf 1572877525
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109124721 that extends conf 238210313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890630347 that extends conf 109124721 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1939464998 that extends conf 238210313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367855998 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 587074590 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964979053 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1129699321 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1388893332 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693562795 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827399741 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213590688 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530600463 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 84871987 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982950018 that extends conf 385555872 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551915953 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1622951287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1622951287 originConf 1551915953
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107948783 that extends conf 1622951287 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775952761 that extends conf 1622951287 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514199124 that extends conf 775952761 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testReencryptLoadedFromFsimage
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
