msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNewDirInitAfterCheckpointing
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1708169732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 658404420
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 658404420 originConf 1708169732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871790326 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955611965 that extends conf 658404420 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367672657 that extends conf 955611965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021565761 that extends conf 955611965 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1692375649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 237373286
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 237373286 originConf 1692375649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746394140 that extends conf 237373286 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 237373286 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690233783 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2014563089 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 553672556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 553672556 originConf 2014563089
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355885103 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878700101 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40875560 that extends conf 1878700101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042891691 that extends conf 1878700101 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523084197 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 307605969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 307605969 originConf 1523084197
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 975001918 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118555812 that extends conf 975001918 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261845810 that extends conf 307605969 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1708169732 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783785150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 783785150 originConf 1708169732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219812012 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995531141 that extends conf 783785150 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 973219190 that extends conf 995531141 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 767393855 that extends conf 995531141 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNewDirInitAfterCheckpointing
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testNewDirInitAfterCheckpointing
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
