msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1762902523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 227755469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 227755469 originConf 1762902523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1819940427 that extends conf 227755469 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1429616542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1429616542 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086068243 that extends conf 1429616542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2051598050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 593447952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 593447952 originConf 2051598050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9844218 that extends conf 593447952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265577219 that extends conf 9844218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597742167 that extends conf 593447952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1720865719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1720865719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 841537936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 701681793
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 701681793 originConf 841537936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143486875 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622135821 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 701681793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 119112899 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123418227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 123418227 originConf 119112899
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 123418227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testBlocksAddedWhileInSafeMode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
