msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileMultipleBlockGroups
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2129144075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1583353301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1583353301 originConf 2129144075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1583353301 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1269118128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 276748028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 276748028 originConf 1269118128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324173038 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650332494 that extends conf 1324173038 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564892747 that extends conf 276748028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1963974958 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 504478805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 504478805 originConf 1963974958
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541942595 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 322830747 that extends conf 1541942595 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 504478805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1103132232 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 843959601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 843959601 originConf 1103132232
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094115865 that extends conf 758465579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 843959601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1484275564 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 143486875
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 143486875 originConf 1484275564
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503144273 that extends conf 1970779713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 143486875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 977650730 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 54176060
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 54176060 originConf 977650730
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36627152 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428245792 that extends conf 36627152 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123269713 that extends conf 54176060 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1608103523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520656618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1520656618 originConf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1801422599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1156210828 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1663738275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1663738275 originConf 1156210828
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627781283 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 1627781283 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 930317866 that extends conf 1663738275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1721576219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 80191608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 80191608 originConf 1721576219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103505488 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600199331 that extends conf 1103505488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404036116 that extends conf 80191608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 404586280 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 877363600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 877363600 originConf 404586280
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 141015648 that extends conf 1735330400 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989440614 that extends conf 877363600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880533231 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2124731287
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 2124731287 originConf 880533231
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 2124731287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818785904 that extends conf 1244815033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989033734 that extends conf 2124731287 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011599868 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 13117403
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 13117403 originConf 1011599868
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541075662 that extends conf 13117403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005706991 that extends conf 1541075662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274298188 that extends conf 13117403 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileMultipleBlockGroups
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDecommissionWithStriped#testFileMultipleBlockGroups
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
