msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 673586830 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 457247584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 457247584 originConf 673586830
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341372316 that extends conf 457247584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1677543539 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 1677543539 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707506411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 755328698
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 755328698 originConf 707506411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197176722 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 851480926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1895054149 originConf 851480926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 300811000 that extends conf 1895054149 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 202064342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 202064342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546446235 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564086167 that extends conf 546446235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386440976 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665988980
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 665988980 originConf 1386440976
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 665988980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836972194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1861754673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1861754673 originConf 836972194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 316355462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 805690186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 805690186 originConf 316355462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 805690186 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 160696258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202547191
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 1202547191 originConf 160696258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335256857 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413946856 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 880908391 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 497333939
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 497333939 originConf 880908391
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171160803 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001284816 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146346292 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 947173397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 956337311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 956337311 originConf 947173397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234600900 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325147644 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128859746 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 239648666 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 947647193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 947647193 originConf 239648666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254812619 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100703210 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076627578 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820422499 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584688439 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481731217 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411787317 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087749847 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939075922 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953101769 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605748659 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412924788 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1714950980 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232273164 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475006872 that extends conf 497333939 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 545185351 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216125538 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93350916 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773050287 that extends conf 956337311 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708750973 that extends conf 1202547191 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624919939 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1958959686 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769797526 that extends conf 947647193 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-rc 0
