msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662912171
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1662912171 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007660652 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998137093 that extends conf 1007660652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 82275756 that extends conf 1662912171 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713605602 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 788048067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 788048067 originConf 1713605602
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1590792382 that extends conf 984412970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 712732521 that extends conf 788048067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 622820646 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 577245010
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 577245010 originConf 622820646
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 701166114 that extends conf 628487793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1223303171 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 329481770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 329481770 originConf 1223303171
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807986446 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704387627 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979532928 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 832066800 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 183995527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 183995527 originConf 832066800
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247127272 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449987177 that extends conf 1247127272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1635358020 that extends conf 183995527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041263297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 703644914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 703644914 originConf 2041263297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893987183 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774795940 that extends conf 1893987183 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 703644914 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 822359325 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2071674587
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 2071674587 originConf 822359325
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470772251 that extends conf 2071674587 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 546886525 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 624079697
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 624079697 originConf 546886525
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916720513 that extends conf 624079697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536478396 that extends conf 1916720513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350413251 that extends conf 624079697 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 255041198 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1322484262
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1322484262 originConf 255041198
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 382252989 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 382252989 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847410999 that extends conf 1322484262 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 16196099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356338363
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 356338363 originConf 16196099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44771088 that extends conf 356338363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993452032 that extends conf 44771088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653859230 that extends conf 356338363 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1759313234 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 58421994
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 58421994 originConf 1759313234
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866403758 that extends conf 58421994 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1495414981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 867205829
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 867205829 originConf 1495414981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2031667192 that extends conf 867205829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049121789 that extends conf 2031667192 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497983329 that extends conf 867205829 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1016090398 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 957414929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 957414929 originConf 1016090398
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 957414929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433568941 that extends conf 847018986 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857562888 that extends conf 957414929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1689717017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2081952435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2081952435 originConf 1689717017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749072877 that extends conf 2081952435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929985841 that extends conf 749072877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693275170 that extends conf 2081952435 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1591683105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 648176342
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 648176342 originConf 1591683105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209748487 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1681993012 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 678801430
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 678801430 originConf 1681993012
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836782867 that extends conf 678801430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571928572 that extends conf 836782867 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400671358 that extends conf 678801430 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110148152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1002410023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1002410023 originConf 1110148152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412612727 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1347294617 that extends conf 1412612727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273041802 that extends conf 1002410023 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 909516251 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 146346292
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.15 uniqueConf 146346292 originConf 909516251
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 427226423 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 909786389 that extends conf 427226423 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745966298 that extends conf 146346292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.15's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 69160933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 299162582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 299162582 originConf 69160933
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798516062 that extends conf 299162582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081595126 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 635739314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.16 uniqueConf 635739314 originConf 2081595126
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 914171926 that extends conf 635739314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372483461 that extends conf 914171926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411787317 that extends conf 635739314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.16's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 337029130 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 541135648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.17 uniqueConf 541135648 originConf 337029130
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185488647 that extends conf 541135648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605783571 that extends conf 185488647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 349717579 that extends conf 541135648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.17's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 149818403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2050291306
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.18 uniqueConf 2050291306 originConf 149818403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 268086000 that extends conf 2050291306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181947538 that extends conf 268086000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40177529 that extends conf 2050291306 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.18's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1389808948 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1680365850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 1680365850 originConf 1389808948
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545563479 that extends conf 1680365850 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1579823168 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202168065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.19 uniqueConf 1202168065 originConf 1579823168
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816326817 that extends conf 1202168065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 749362556 that extends conf 1816326817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1135870515 that extends conf 1202168065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.19's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2011912080 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 136011184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.20 uniqueConf 136011184 originConf 2011912080
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300399812 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858267892 that extends conf 1300399812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703440120 that extends conf 136011184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.20's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 47719432 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1619369818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.21 uniqueConf 1619369818 originConf 47719432
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9054826 that extends conf 1619369818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943219925 that extends conf 9054826 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 538132628 that extends conf 1619369818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.21's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707281900 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 918606013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 918606013 originConf 707281900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960031800 that extends conf 918606013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1062163248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1983283775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.22 uniqueConf 1983283775 originConf 1062163248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095710480 that extends conf 1983283775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722513129 that extends conf 2095710480 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694408103 that extends conf 1983283775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.22's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1513071903 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 435626542
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.23 uniqueConf 435626542 originConf 1513071903
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231696346 that extends conf 435626542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556662073 that extends conf 1231696346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698437724 that extends conf 435626542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.23's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 351965871 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1913386579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.24 uniqueConf 1913386579 originConf 351965871
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707992390 that extends conf 1913386579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873769155 that extends conf 707992390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332150216 that extends conf 1913386579 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.24's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79092014 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 688722159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 688722159 originConf 79092014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780802740 that extends conf 688722159 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 720803395 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 342740966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.25 uniqueConf 342740966 originConf 720803395
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197535593 that extends conf 342740966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553846997 that extends conf 1197535593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434932926 that extends conf 342740966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.25's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058127492 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1576499395
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.26 uniqueConf 1576499395 originConf 2058127492
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648217898 that extends conf 1576499395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842463725 that extends conf 1648217898 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260390769 that extends conf 1576499395 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.26's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 863748063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1380583278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.27 uniqueConf 1380583278 originConf 863748063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629133067 that extends conf 1380583278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526250321 that extends conf 1629133067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168398198 that extends conf 1380583278 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.27's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028538462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 18459190
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 18459190 originConf 1028538462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830083467 that extends conf 18459190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1406114969 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1511799988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.28 uniqueConf 1511799988 originConf 1406114969
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792109661 that extends conf 1511799988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77163673 that extends conf 1792109661 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033304734 that extends conf 1511799988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.28's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523528914 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 438263665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.29 uniqueConf 438263665 originConf 523528914
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753645864 that extends conf 438263665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448131210 that extends conf 1753645864 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043535321 that extends conf 438263665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.29's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1361931872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 932118570
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.30 uniqueConf 932118570 originConf 1361931872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761533964 that extends conf 932118570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765702264 that extends conf 761533964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178917238 that extends conf 932118570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.30's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 91831175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1863980798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.11 uniqueConf 1863980798 originConf 91831175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408388753 that extends conf 1863980798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1899145692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 849063257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.31 uniqueConf 849063257 originConf 1899145692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913148823 that extends conf 849063257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 881513107 that extends conf 913148823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14838518 that extends conf 849063257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.31's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1088628578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1675603360
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.32 uniqueConf 1675603360 originConf 1088628578
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1905420854 that extends conf 1675603360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8415638 that extends conf 1905420854 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 108049354 that extends conf 1675603360 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.32's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2106609649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 28612052
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.33 uniqueConf 28612052 originConf 2106609649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203854885 that extends conf 28612052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2028042905 that extends conf 203854885 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716117291 that extends conf 28612052 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.33's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameMoreThanOnceAcrossSnapDirs_2
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
