msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestartImmediately
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 709865851 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364639279
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 364639279 originConf 709865851
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 364639279 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 79919963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1274247563
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1274247563 originConf 79919963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2014563089 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659059448 that extends conf 2014563089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593447952 that extends conf 1274247563 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94682872 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 936906727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 936906727 originConf 94682872
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1526305386 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1817154869 that extends conf 1526305386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788048067 that extends conf 936906727 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553879264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 512256603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 512256603 originConf 553879264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 517693873 that extends conf 557725225 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 512256603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1943750504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 749720756
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 749720756 originConf 1943750504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128625506 that extends conf 749720756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164896435 that extends conf 2128625506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 868928210 that extends conf 749720756 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028472807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1621184657
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1621184657 originConf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557279107 that extends conf 1621184657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 37596738 that extends conf 1557279107 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784152182 that extends conf 1621184657 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestartImmediately
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFileTruncate#testTruncateWithDataNodesRestartImmediately
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
