msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1708524220 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 556495112
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 556495112 originConf 1708524220
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 42917339 that extends conf 556495112 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1868206981 that extends conf 556495112 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656445542 that extends conf 1868206981 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1682209628 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 326078162
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 326078162 originConf 1682209628
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419692251 that extends conf 326078162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192919385 that extends conf 419692251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082379746 that extends conf 326078162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855502792 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810302252 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459710519 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100318996 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872979148 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489252147 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52373038 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072323171 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558359045 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748876651 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108430505 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721145877 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563695472 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 228066046 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 811897615 that extends conf 1656445542 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestReencryption#testRaceDeleteCurrentDirHandler
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
