msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1961649881 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 200862023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 200862023 originConf 1961649881
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551056789 that extends conf 200862023 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 612220115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1783382593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1783382593 originConf 612220115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471153539 that extends conf 1783382593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310211638 that extends conf 471153539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955477984 that extends conf 1783382593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1108522065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 348684315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 348684315 originConf 1108522065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997970717 that extends conf 348684315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925897799 that extends conf 1997970717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891455369 that extends conf 348684315 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 35570783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 404841988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 404841988 originConf 35570783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158987267 that extends conf 404841988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1411266721 that extends conf 1158987267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296803274 that extends conf 404841988 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1150884699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1233415923
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1233415923 originConf 1150884699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425457809 that extends conf 1233415923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130090029 that extends conf 425457809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062762087 that extends conf 1233415923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedAppendRequiringBlockTransfer[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
