msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testRecoveryMode
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1671179293 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 542365801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 542365801 originConf 1671179293
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757708014 that extends conf 542365801 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 464649704 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405036720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 405036720 originConf 464649704
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 635288507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96039159 that extends conf 405036720 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 876823802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 827328832
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 827328832 originConf 876823802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984412970 that extends conf 1963974958 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 948395645 that extends conf 827328832 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257718694 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 876962272
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 876962272 originConf 257718694
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103132232 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848958019 that extends conf 1103132232 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043317832 that extends conf 876962272 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1857910993 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1424439581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1424439581 originConf 1857910993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 981159997 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1424439581 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 664839586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 664839586 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1608103523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520656618
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1520656618 originConf 1608103523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1801422599 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1801422599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237264838 that extends conf 1520656618 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1517116047 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953528583
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 953528583 originConf 1517116047
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1460696714 that extends conf 995631377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1061018585 that extends conf 953528583 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1415545023 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1079190991
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1079190991 originConf 1415545023
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807207655 that extends conf 514453513 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763610533 that extends conf 1079190991 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testRecoveryMode
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.offlineEditsViewer.TestOfflineEditsViewer#testRecoveryMode
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
