msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161713863 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 868542083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 868542083 originConf 1161713863
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045070813 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159003657 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659277422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060203702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1060203702 originConf 1659277422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576806213 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986536243 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 676819105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2013507673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2013507673 originConf 676819105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116222364 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743449871 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137912658 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1438813809 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1059266052 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99123690 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1903901519 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1462992575 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255924147 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870094156 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 748247399 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770864750 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1559747762 that extends conf 868542083 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873865025 that extends conf 1060203702 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711521090 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97371408 that extends conf 2013507673 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1980315707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1488130586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1488130586 originConf 1980315707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065475427 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2091159125 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147405280 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 618186781 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581248601 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 702120258 that extends conf 1581248601 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146019116 that extends conf 1488130586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 569935734 that extends conf 1146019116 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183623995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60503745
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 60503745 originConf 1183623995
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771928312 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984093895 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882170387 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940042589 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450726013 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620160094 that extends conf 1450726013 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345525259 that extends conf 60503745 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534150415 that extends conf 1345525259 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1980315707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 505951717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 505951717 originConf 1980315707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55587934 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742636127 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10008855 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156850957 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603229913 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118061931 that extends conf 603229913 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016808626 that extends conf 505951717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657737398 that extends conf 1016808626 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1183623995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653492725
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 653492725 originConf 1183623995
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021419143 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143095847 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042189404 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 63811758 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916364820 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61162083 that extends conf 916364820 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255685790 that extends conf 653492725 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696744635 that extends conf 1255685790 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 974347356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 252229143
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 252229143 originConf 974347356
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
