msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileLengthIsZero
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1750010018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1286573258
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.1 uniqueConf 1286573258 originConf 1750010018
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 403266746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 445628528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 445628528 originConf 403266746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1853992827 that extends conf 445628528 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 445628528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1643103539
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.2 uniqueConf 1643103539 originConf 445628528
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2050780454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 195366340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 195366340 originConf 2050780454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 888257446 that extends conf 195366340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1106043324 that extends conf 888257446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429870707 that extends conf 195366340 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1141753459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87235280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 87235280 originConf 1141753459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156545507 that extends conf 87235280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575460264 that extends conf 1156545507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286927352 that extends conf 87235280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1056694157 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 403039022
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 403039022 originConf 1056694157
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696311817 that extends conf 403039022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866535722 that extends conf 1696311817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502996854 that extends conf 403039022 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121454968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1139005380
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:StoragePolicySatisfier.3 uniqueConf 1139005380 originConf 1121454968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileLengthIsZero
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.sps.TestExternalStoragePolicySatisfier#testSPSWhenFileLengthIsZero
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
