msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456854218 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574187949 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2111332088 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1662075679
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1662075679 originConf 2111332088
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681653700 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1014186780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 501042755
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 501042755 originConf 1014186780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826046808 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395980812 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293836110 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658932789 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649169701 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1584611563 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188578528 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040110317 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477209527 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340497014 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788424364 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546634772 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561158772 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619668336 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871563205 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777193078 that extends conf 501042755 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1632254532 that extends conf 1662075679 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539523537
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1539523537 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349133635 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 913553113 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485778455 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280097739 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875477732 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65841534 that extends conf 875477732 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858778099 that extends conf 1539523537 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433272753 that extends conf 858778099 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 134524606
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 134524606 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1333302389 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370699384 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 830547132 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1049064400 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276487362 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680176861 that extends conf 276487362 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205698679 that extends conf 134524606 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441682448 that extends conf 1205698679 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393233099 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1012917341
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1012917341 originConf 1393233099
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57847375 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342442913 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927923109 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1493794243 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754632966 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101891969 that extends conf 754632966 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1454000321 that extends conf 1012917341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534216621 that extends conf 1454000321 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 181922624 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1986159165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1986159165 originConf 181922624
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379152766 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682200175 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563970246 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023987505 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401881114 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453068995 that extends conf 401881114 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043740584 that extends conf 1986159165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572169390 that extends conf 2043740584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1768600906 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503771602
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1503771602 originConf 1768600906
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Up
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
