msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment0
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1226622409 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957502751
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1957502751 originConf 1226622409
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270038388 that extends conf 1957502751 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754177595 that extends conf 1957502751 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2058135834 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1153907750
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1153907750 originConf 2058135834
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845517769 that extends conf 1153907750 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137275020 that extends conf 1153907750 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 71016405 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2044482328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2044482328 originConf 71016405
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2694936 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004014799 that extends conf 1957502751 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603105719 that extends conf 1957502751 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1206142498 that extends conf 1957502751 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728445179 that extends conf 1153907750 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91337818 that extends conf 1153907750 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380749852 that extends conf 1153907750 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292038710 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540257080 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2051824737 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611289995 that extends conf 2044482328 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 611289995 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 663466110
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.4 uniqueConf 663466110 originConf 611289995
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707531688 that extends conf 663466110 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977160959 that extends conf 663466110 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment0
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.client.TestQuorumJournalManager#testOutOfSyncAtBeginningOfSegment0
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
