msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreate
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1971152916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1971152916 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479734028 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1174586025 that extends conf 479734028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 905847077 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1235635586 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1388849499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1388849499 originConf 1235635586
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624788833 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1167327028 that extends conf 1624788833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288052401 that extends conf 1388849499 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 626626764 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981159997
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 981159997 originConf 626626764
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964926542 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 280223635 that extends conf 1964926542 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 417875774 that extends conf 981159997 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470420462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 664839586
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 664839586 originConf 1470420462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 2111247080 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 664839586 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489831627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 140428850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 140428850 originConf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1250644519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 402207819
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 402207819 originConf 1250644519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279469670 that extends conf 658281599 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653515020 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041326823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1914615775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1914615775 originConf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099932844 that extends conf 1995505717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1337655323 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2027227708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 2027227708 originConf 1337655323
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 422134367 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98974893 that extends conf 422134367 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 845119401 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1244815033 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1238994373
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1238994373 originConf 1244815033
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628610760 that extends conf 1238994373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554634433 that extends conf 628610760 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378814088 that extends conf 1238994373 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541075662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1174687658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1174687658 originConf 1541075662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024945312 that extends conf 1174687658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810262298 that extends conf 2024945312 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596653154 that extends conf 1174687658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreate
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testCreate
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
