msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 646902252 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 49501624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 49501624 originConf 646902252
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1170738511 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322594734 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 69542897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 942131084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 942131084 originConf 69542897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666180369 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629478884 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 401560578 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 449337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 449337646 originConf 401560578
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826392293 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644866413 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806660771 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 572432217 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516457106 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947563714 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491346693 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912162288 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57969155 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737475517 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211432439 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 374958685 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620911308 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83168822 that extends conf 942131084 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734375964 that extends conf 449337646 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754318567 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 573703945 that extends conf 49501624 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605964621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1535440011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1535440011 originConf 1605964621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669998809 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711775416 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1322232116 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475838031 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013059493 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409844163 that extends conf 1013059493 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 997861870 that extends conf 1535440011 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729592793 that extends conf 997861870 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701654864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 478670376
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 478670376 originConf 701654864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020072925 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1639516829 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698243229 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1734752611 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 691732329 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913129425 that extends conf 691732329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864776937 that extends conf 478670376 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061448231 that extends conf 1864776937 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1836911498 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38342538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 38342538 originConf 1836911498
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949588327 that extends conf 38342538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 197516707 that extends conf 1949588327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667577714 that extends conf 38342538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 690568718 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996119488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1996119488 originConf 690568718
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961047527 that extends conf 1996119488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040876007 that extends conf 961047527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850934997 that extends conf 1996119488 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1790998417 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 240002000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 240002000 originConf 1790998417
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337024576 that extends conf 240002000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436709745 that extends conf 1337024576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 282973257 that extends conf 240002000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699369439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1706036252
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1706036252 originConf 1699369439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178463571 that extends conf 1706036252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000150080 that extends conf 178463571 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 93942897 that extends conf 1706036252 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1367576963 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 744753167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 744753167 originConf 1367576963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1283413660 that extends conf 744753167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665254036 that extends conf 1283413660 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272676017 that extends conf 744753167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477772606 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1043930067
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1043930067 originConf 477772606
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810306522 that extends conf 1043930067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501864591 that extends conf 810306522 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334436189 that extends conf 1043930067 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1166537938 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 583116892
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 583116892 originConf 1166537938
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1923865210 that extends conf 583116892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1074254182 that extends conf 1923865210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 957257235 that extends conf 583116892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472637022 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 439150220
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 439150220 originConf 472637022
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 495789860 that extends conf 439150220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1964138069 that extends conf 495789860 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128845543 that extends conf 439150220 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1257931923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1163841718
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1163841718 originConf 1257931923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387516268 that extends conf 1163841718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 510884405 that extends conf 387516268 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947715342 that extends conf 1163841718 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1605964621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1829875597
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1829875597 originConf 1605964621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 563188550 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297634831 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230368262 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10465651 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245369782 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1821829864 that extends conf 245369782 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727952535 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511097316 that extends conf 727952535 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701654864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 267960165
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 267960165 originConf 701654864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587592182 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220152229 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 992454193 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353966887 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659318176 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461787910 that extends conf 659318176 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1616456584 that extends conf 267960165 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382044519 that extends conf 1616456584 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270627152 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 126420020 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 81539680 that extends conf 1829875597 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSInotifyEventInputStream#testErasureCodedFiles
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
