msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testHalfStartInProgressTail
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1613255205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1897115967
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1897115967 originConf 1613255205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460201727 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611241809 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1463355115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201466784
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1201466784 originConf 1463355115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807328355 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168340825 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 762809053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1932536213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1932536213 originConf 762809053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032326802 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530295320 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972123133 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725180240 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734114559 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1071945683 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1172001382 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1736998490 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1138444545 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324732822 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822880143 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685506173 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421802060 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671814214 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360050661 that extends conf 1932536213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400805144 that extends conf 1897115967 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650967351 that extends conf 1201466784 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082351661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280603381
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1280603381 originConf 2082351661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384563514 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 192214642 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644946366 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357943857 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264941544 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 1264941544 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 961859592 that extends conf 1280603381 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798278875 that extends conf 961859592 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1837601499
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1837601499 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016162524 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1681827309 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055086325 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906041279 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111882926 that extends conf 1837601499 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172518776 that extends conf 2111882926 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2082351661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 955443582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 955443582 originConf 2082351661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186657657 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093773598 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233561003 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307074704 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 1164241227 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164394344 that extends conf 1366581056 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1497268815 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1776486598
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1776486598 originConf 1497268815
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612496268 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192693526 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 398812622 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170010941 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 1184694332 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 1776486598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 1472012329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001046879 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376971429 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144979197 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller ERROR: feature not supported, 1toN original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testHalfStartInProgressTail
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyInProgressTail#testHalfStartInProgressTail
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
