msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1551446957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800976873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1800976873 originConf 1551446957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586358252 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1800976873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677207406 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 248487859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1733619456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1733619456 originConf 248487859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292958927 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 292958927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681158875 that extends conf 1733619456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1777043124 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300576734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300576734 originConf 1777043124
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687087217 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997704619 that extends conf 1687087217 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924802798 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555793073 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 654740048
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 654740048 originConf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777190206 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 777190206 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1545666472 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 586917260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570422884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 570422884 originConf 586917260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412835761 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700348233 that extends conf 412835761 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160945458 that extends conf 570422884 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 178325065 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2032399795
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2032399795 originConf 178325065
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809520570 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754707140 that extends conf 809520570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2030458766 that extends conf 2032399795 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833592262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 81269359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 81269359 originConf 1833592262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175154004 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654589039 that extends conf 1175154004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832066800 that extends conf 81269359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1225970981 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 670951536
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 670951536 originConf 1225970981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472759652 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1239132915 that extends conf 1472759652 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380216561 that extends conf 670951536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1659282412 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1373646877
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1373646877 originConf 1659282412
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 696591495 that extends conf 1373646877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1676428380 that extends conf 696591495 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684541910 that extends conf 1373646877 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 303846650 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1206180304
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1206180304 originConf 303846650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55429210 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027006452 that extends conf 55429210 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659363322 that extends conf 1206180304 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631047534 that extends conf 1677207406 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[24]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
