msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1578009262 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1936722816
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1936722816 originConf 1578009262
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704106237 that extends conf 1936722816 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1149407083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1149407083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 61304908 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1969347346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1969347346 originConf 61304908
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920446957 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 920446957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 235151116 that extends conf 1969347346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554877309 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182758821
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1182758821 originConf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1005093407 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1005093407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987595204 that extends conf 1182758821 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2128961136 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1547116051
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1547116051 originConf 2128961136
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1999036805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512238546 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 22040992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 653515020
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 653515020 originConf 22040992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814111376 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990870941 that extends conf 814111376 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042884127 that extends conf 653515020 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1688310330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 600199331
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 600199331 originConf 1688310330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745608181 that extends conf 600199331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131037934 that extends conf 1745608181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308021294 that extends conf 600199331 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 639105046 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173259631
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 173259631 originConf 639105046
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1699443392 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536728519 that extends conf 1699443392 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467401150 that extends conf 173259631 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 624693846 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1244815033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1244815033 originConf 624693846
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247795540 that extends conf 1244815033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99132505 that extends conf 247795540 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688770224 that extends conf 1244815033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 148891937 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1016604313
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1016604313 originConf 148891937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376198337 that extends conf 1016604313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1957210266 that extends conf 1376198337 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1717228959 that extends conf 1016604313 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery5
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
