msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1239839123 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1846736527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1846736527 originConf 1239839123
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299146978 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485905723 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1084781453 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1666433435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1666433435 originConf 1084781453
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755456000 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894780660 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1895870447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 24610965
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 24610965 originConf 1895870447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596616782 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450605300 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660744389 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 35149665 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807014231 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 870094156 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1458409394 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1255924147 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090109132 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2093166869 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529131975 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310078054 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934986923 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408585941 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124834992 that extends conf 1846736527 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106748593 that extends conf 24610965 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563600091 that extends conf 1666433435 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824076146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1767888140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1767888140 originConf 1824076146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44929789 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717522697 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002411705 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 349241471 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1299097372 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 896464994 that extends conf 1299097372 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 679629305 that extends conf 1767888140 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1785532771 that extends conf 679629305 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 122862175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1341023083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1341023083 originConf 122862175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643040359 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324013186 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202103462 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2115928597 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 700175810 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468982905 that extends conf 700175810 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003423221 that extends conf 1341023083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 408279525 that extends conf 1003423221 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824076146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 529702479
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 529702479 originConf 1824076146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279651378 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578386423 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021970133 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1035812821 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6283598 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 659973314 that extends conf 6283598 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 736317719 that extends conf 529702479 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672054910 that extends conf 736317719 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 122862175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1136681442
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1136681442 originConf 122862175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38151841 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919647299 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471683984 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517891400 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211900270 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380117635 that extends conf 1211900270 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467233888 that extends conf 1136681442 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 782004496 that extends conf 1467233888 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322967968 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520157581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1520157581 originConf 322967968
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshUserToGroupsMappingsNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
