msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testChooseReplicaToDelete
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 259630944 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1115381650
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1115381650 originConf 259630944
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1056862342 that extends conf 1115381650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 1056862342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752535057 that extends conf 1115381650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 616443292 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2047744862
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2047744862 originConf 616443292
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1086323658 that extends conf 2047744862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699221219 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677317086 that extends conf 2047744862 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1587872480 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1076855029
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1076855029 originConf 1587872480
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028472807 that extends conf 1076855029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51460663 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235635586 that extends conf 1076855029 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1833335943 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1367594377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1367594377 originConf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291847739 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296654536 that extends conf 291847739 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149388444 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testChooseReplicaToDelete
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.blockmanagement.TestOverReplicatedBlocks#testChooseReplicaToDelete
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
