msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735507635 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1237825806
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1237825806 originConf 1735507635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880078449 that extends conf 1237825806 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 767436045 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620456576
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 620456576 originConf 767436045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 635288507 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 96039159 that extends conf 620456576 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1234905692 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1894144426 originConf 1234905692
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130551263 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1130551263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710783020 that extends conf 1894144426 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1824570614 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1369468094 originConf 1824570614
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622820646 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 622820646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417554340 that extends conf 1369468094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 85357160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130598644
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1130598644 originConf 85357160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372137902 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1205419533 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862674654 that extends conf 1130598644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 467313213 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 61304908
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 61304908 originConf 467313213
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615853374 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54176060 that extends conf 615853374 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1802736936 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3886839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 623051334
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 623051334 originConf 3886839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 460333119 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 861522296 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1756160273
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1756160273 originConf 861522296
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404586280 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 404586280 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107706203 that extends conf 1756160273 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 511651343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 368153528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 368153528 originConf 511651343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880533231 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1442077586 that extends conf 880533231 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285463992 that extends conf 368153528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 450589816 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 962700314
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 962700314 originConf 450589816
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 43856716 that extends conf 962700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050320909 that extends conf 43856716 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876908140 that extends conf 962700314 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1107772887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1604088603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1604088603 originConf 1107772887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 287451999 that extends conf 1604088603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483744977 that extends conf 287451999 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083481582 that extends conf 1604088603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksum#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery1
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
