msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 857195952 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 545391136
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 545391136 originConf 857195952
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852927721 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 952746266 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 519492459 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 321560625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 321560625 originConf 519492459
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 576607389 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400558511 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 854068796 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626181311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 626181311 originConf 854068796
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199652242 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799871831 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 972123133 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734114559 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725180240 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991853943 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628904128 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481829403 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275891804 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781392044 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547482447 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919292758 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 626087714 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057746870 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1952532626 that extends conf 626181311 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033695057 that extends conf 321560625 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799620178 that extends conf 545391136 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1479008801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87794579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 87794579 originConf 1479008801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668353625 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205186139 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113104128 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582048028 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 121791145 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281339799 that extends conf 121791145 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661941033 that extends conf 87794579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413516928 that extends conf 1661941033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295893092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510984448
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 510984448 originConf 295893092
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 516629833 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106102781 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735328806 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 915774037 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 181470561 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146918383 that extends conf 181470561 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477842281 that extends conf 510984448 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290202108 that extends conf 477842281 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1479008801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1026019868
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1026019868 originConf 1479008801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548451450 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771354681 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655527594 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928756101 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 179783643 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379952037 that extends conf 179783643 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930143773 that extends conf 1026019868 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721894793 that extends conf 1930143773 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295893092 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 128395042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 128395042 originConf 295893092
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891113906 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128283799 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185854946 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551169444 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698916955 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680638501 that extends conf 698916955 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 797419657 that extends conf 128395042 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1719967346 that extends conf 797419657 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 682640884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2031270472
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 2031270472 originConf 682640884
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRestoreFailedStorageNN1DownNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
