msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008907751 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 117885704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 117885704 originConf 2008907751
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1386677799 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006727288 that extends conf 1386677799 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1705904476 that extends conf 117885704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1970528559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2036324408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2036324408 originConf 1970528559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628933116 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953290071 that extends conf 628933116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 115939475 that extends conf 2036324408 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 707250996 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1311315651
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1311315651 originConf 707250996
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673367807 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929661663 that extends conf 673367807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703232177 that extends conf 1311315651 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 103394942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1242427797
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1242427797 originConf 103394942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084486251 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668301868 that extends conf 2084486251 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632669667 that extends conf 1242427797 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523794808 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681564936 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1794068152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66231846
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 66231846 originConf 1794068152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 990226843 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847018986 that extends conf 990226843 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15912555 that extends conf 66231846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1856643544 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1996556848
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1996556848 originConf 1856643544
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843459456 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807053698 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 801284613 that extends conf 1996556848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368242083 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 924393200
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 924393200 originConf 368242083
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1090057640 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1553646796 that extends conf 1090057640 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 376601041 that extends conf 924393200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1811975204 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:41777: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:41777: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperation[15]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
