msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 407997647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 407997647 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832145584 that extends conf 1453062635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 265348534 that extends conf 407997647 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1911138454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137078855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1137078855 originConf 1911138454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475842502 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894144426 that extends conf 1475842502 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340057206 that extends conf 1137078855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 226586078 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51460663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 51460663 originConf 226586078
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720865719 that extends conf 1424788681 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628487793 that extends conf 51460663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 560465923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883830050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1883830050 originConf 560465923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755328698 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293252487 that extends conf 755328698 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1883830050 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1960253514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1556061855
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1556061855 originConf 1960253514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1002041276 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1733619456 that extends conf 1002041276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111247080 that extends conf 1556061855 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028811481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1090695601 originConf 1028811481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123269713 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 4181455 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1393198164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1393198164 originConf 4181455
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 178603358 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 178603358 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1393198164 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 814111376 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 611502040
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 611502040 originConf 814111376
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661161169 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531175283 that extends conf 1661161169 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334618867 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 131037934 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008608255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1008608255 originConf 131037934
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8996952 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481594007 that extends conf 8996952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561347421 that extends conf 1008608255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData#testReadCorruptedDataByDeleting[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
