msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_7
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 442987331 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 122114483
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 122114483 originConf 442987331
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552341957 that extends conf 122114483 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1648582256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1347016882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1347016882 originConf 1648582256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971152916 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380044647 that extends conf 1971152916 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820677667 that extends conf 1347016882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1917442783 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 260638966
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 260638966 originConf 1917442783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2035801202 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24334184 that extends conf 2035801202 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557725225 that extends conf 260638966 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1302141801 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 535352603
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 535352603 originConf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726051009 that extends conf 1128266449 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487230025 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1859823482 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 381930033
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 381930033 originConf 1859823482
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343128256 that extends conf 381930033 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 645208036 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 465839591
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 465839591 originConf 645208036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 982634822 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832657711 that extends conf 982634822 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 628164202 that extends conf 465839591 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 652007616 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 995531141
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 995531141 originConf 652007616
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113273959 that extends conf 995531141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000530216 that extends conf 2113273959 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985869725 that extends conf 995531141 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 513279161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1326998608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1326998608 originConf 513279161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1936670366 that extends conf 1326998608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949672824 that extends conf 1936670366 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380216561 that extends conf 1326998608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 32206364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 99695585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 99695585 originConf 32206364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188623367 that extends conf 99695585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 278753868 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1122118227 originConf 278753868
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706915627 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806738808 that extends conf 706915627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113416412 that extends conf 1122118227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 924915581 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 253767021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 253767021 originConf 924915581
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655713354 that extends conf 253767021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707250996 that extends conf 655713354 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605834811 that extends conf 253767021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787083839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1001958076
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1001958076 originConf 1787083839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1159694255 that extends conf 1001958076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1875108260 that extends conf 1159694255 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44771088 that extends conf 1001958076 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544518128 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 247575268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 247575268 originConf 1544518128
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164733543 that extends conf 247575268 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 543409470 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779090574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1779090574 originConf 543409470
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380494131 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1788545647 that extends conf 380494131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 1779090574 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 681564936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 295700833
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 295700833 originConf 681564936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1362501759 that extends conf 295700833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497983329 that extends conf 1362501759 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732513254 that extends conf 295700833 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 623862380 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2118984327
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 2118984327 originConf 623862380
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839182545 that extends conf 2118984327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055019335 that extends conf 1839182545 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689717017 that extends conf 2118984327 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_7
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.snapshot.TestRenameWithSnapshots#testRenameUndo_7
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
