msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311239812 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1217875525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1217875525 originConf 311239812
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 1217875525 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011044643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 258737099
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 258737099 originConf 1011044643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068445309 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708443754 that extends conf 1068445309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276544608 that extends conf 258737099 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 944752500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 364704856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 364704856 originConf 944752500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127356954 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876823802 that extends conf 127356954 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1790387225 that extends conf 364704856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 948395645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 925568390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 925568390 originConf 948395645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205615258 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854989361 that extends conf 205615258 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128266449 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 456785282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 764358458
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 764358458 originConf 456785282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707506411 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1857910993 that extends conf 707506411 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80756779 that extends conf 764358458 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 740467528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1803890702
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1803890702 originConf 740467528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1121891386 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987354705 that extends conf 1121891386 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651235118 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028811481 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1090695601 originConf 1028811481
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123269713 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2063786038 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238431319 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523051393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 309060377
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 309060377 originConf 523051393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995631377 that extends conf 309060377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1814908102 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 930317866
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 930317866 originConf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552179791 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596779307 that extends conf 1552179791 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 930317866 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 10915321 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1685134322
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1685134322 originConf 10915321
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 939475028 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308021294 that extends conf 939475028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735330400 that extends conf 1685134322 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData#testReadCorruptedData[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
