msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2144521465 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1539829039
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 1539829039 originConf 2144521465
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1918809020 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503857851 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1399530366 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541180884
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 1541180884 originConf 1399530366
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1984006494 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86342729 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478206790 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845753259
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 845753259 originConf 478206790
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1359457691 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985122182 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734114559 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725180240 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040339595 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 78933792 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1945833803 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079490671 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818230019 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127352559 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 432710677 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561158772 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149566771 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081923354 that extends conf 1541180884 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1405784485 that extends conf 1539829039 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103664222 that extends conf 845753259 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1164343205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1164343205 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534093163 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093730371 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 602669949 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 229852828 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 323340443 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137934259 that extends conf 323340443 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987539727 that extends conf 1164343205 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780252309 that extends conf 1987539727 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1976193593
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1976193593 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666077017 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975061036 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677896677 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1354539648 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420914896 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1858574402 that extends conf 1420914896 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521963303 that extends conf 1976193593 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781995417 that extends conf 521963303 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 845235980 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1900507315
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1900507315 originConf 845235980
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783676791 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010136881 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036231217 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221652628 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138246788 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885354712 that extends conf 138246788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009952519 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452546661 that extends conf 2009952519 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 686597075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 137671672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 137671672 originConf 686597075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1304207644 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1165156176 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1927923109 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592261774 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 316028586 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185632832 that extends conf 316028586 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2143474421 that extends conf 137671672 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661478747 that extends conf 2143474421 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1106670563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1203145329
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1203145329 originConf 1106670563
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: Expected output to match 'Balancer bandwidth is set to 10
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394653085 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593662074 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977799818 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.AssertionError: Expected output to match 'Balancer bandwidth is set to 10
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1394653085 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593662074 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1977799818 that extends conf 1900507315 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testSetBalancerBandwidthNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
