msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testPermissions
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 398948719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1723801390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1723801390 originConf 398948719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305169050 that extends conf 1723801390 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 938880797 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598471757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 598471757 originConf 938880797
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402107086 that extends conf 598471757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1840796233 that extends conf 1402107086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104428800 that extends conf 598471757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 567058446 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 634466827
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 634466827 originConf 567058446
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234798476 that extends conf 634466827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660226892 that extends conf 1234798476 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 99779117 that extends conf 634466827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472790902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1130596512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1130596512 originConf 472790902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 657091654 that extends conf 1130596512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847036353 that extends conf 657091654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827997220 that extends conf 1130596512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1452686786 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1786166199
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1786166199 originConf 1452686786
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133892301 that extends conf 1786166199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1180421815 that extends conf 133892301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927854248 that extends conf 1786166199 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1308328187 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2055139992
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 2055139992 originConf 1308328187
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 97812869 that extends conf 2055139992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161194649 that extends conf 97812869 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 365355167 that extends conf 2055139992 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426938339 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 56280027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 56280027 originConf 426938339
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054541645 that extends conf 56280027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1648021095 that extends conf 2054541645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547556436 that extends conf 56280027 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1862752007 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 228037705
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 228037705 originConf 1862752007
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156763429 that extends conf 228037705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 361184060 that extends conf 1156763429 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301957717 that extends conf 228037705 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327241760 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1612266173
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1612266173 originConf 1327241760
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097243626 that extends conf 1612266173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527898369 that extends conf 1097243626 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548110560 that extends conf 1612266173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 73294718 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 491065693
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 491065693 originConf 73294718
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066031329 that extends conf 491065693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397407674 that extends conf 2066031329 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704730475 that extends conf 491065693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1409551748 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205380506
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1205380506 originConf 1409551748
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841686749 that extends conf 1205380506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539101564 that extends conf 1841686749 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590159577 that extends conf 1205380506 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2037266601 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1146434625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1146434625 originConf 2037266601
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104807886 that extends conf 1146434625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182181266 that extends conf 1104807886 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887682093 that extends conf 1146434625 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 715211278 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1264718769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1264718769 originConf 715211278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128819390 that extends conf 1264718769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 855291661 that extends conf 128819390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 652233790 that extends conf 1264718769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1711637642 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 29026484
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 29026484 originConf 1711637642
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822952097 that extends conf 29026484 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211553863 that extends conf 1822952097 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1979021949 that extends conf 29026484 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 97723762 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1066699616
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1066699616 originConf 97723762
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864517033 that extends conf 1066699616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2064735082 that extends conf 1864517033 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866749202 that extends conf 1066699616 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testPermissions
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestErasureCodingPoliciesWithRandomECPolicy#testPermissions
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
