msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2030937207 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1245065720
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1245065720 originConf 2030937207
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851912430 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290272762 that extends conf 1245065720 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1232373427 that extends conf 1290272762 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 848958019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 467313213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 467313213 originConf 848958019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041264753 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830969563 that extends conf 2041264753 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 467313213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1161382705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704869156
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 704869156 originConf 1161382705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052399527 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410958248 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 704869156 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1412564235 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555793073
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1555793073 originConf 1412564235
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 1395173825 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738561265 that extends conf 1555793073 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199150625 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973692608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 973692608 originConf 199150625
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 803768841 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 731368479 that extends conf 803768841 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457417579 that extends conf 973692608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1393112209 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810169941
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 810169941 originConf 1393112209
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 70788844 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945064729 that extends conf 70788844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2054077982 that extends conf 810169941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1455064947 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1199833406
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1199833406 originConf 1455064947
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 234857227 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1251247808 that extends conf 234857227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044965465 that extends conf 1199833406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1589214445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 948650013
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 948650013 originConf 1589214445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048903970 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1374432753 that extends conf 1048903970 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101601906 that extends conf 948650013 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1386677799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62309924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 62309924 originConf 1386677799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352083264 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697441364 that extends conf 352083264 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582277082 that extends conf 62309924 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1122118227 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1640458320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1640458320 originConf 1122118227
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1572820532 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048444228 that extends conf 1572820532 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625428489 that extends conf 1640458320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744579245 that extends conf 1232373427 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSWithHttpFSFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[4]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
