msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueue
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1523855802 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2018097551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2018097551 originConf 1523855802
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 11942005 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003459993 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933322003 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2133188004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 2133188004 originConf 933322003
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1091681390 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1224906312 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 593784303 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2114522909
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 2114522909 originConf 593784303
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633237304 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132451019 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603140810 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419402078 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1122925151 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095646696 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109028026 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807413871 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 40285731 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444755232 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061748300 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154735307 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120396542 that extends conf 2018097551 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986838635 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873865025 that extends conf 2133188004 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2117710486 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2047228297 that extends conf 2114522909 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466082528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 543896802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 543896802 originConf 466082528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769764776 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1109449458 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1380392548 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225740656 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531021329 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1039190623 that extends conf 1531021329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 17094458 that extends conf 543896802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983385975 that extends conf 17094458 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1521259063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1027821873
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1027821873 originConf 1521259063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676460407 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882170387 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940042589 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682721398 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 164874693 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 38267214 that extends conf 164874693 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309695968 that extends conf 1027821873 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272807750 that extends conf 1309695968 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 466082528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 496406688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 496406688 originConf 466082528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1185984197 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745650276 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1046752066 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447200622 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972276919 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238945013 that extends conf 1972276919 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500089366 that extends conf 496406688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110258758 that extends conf 1500089366 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1521259063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1031830183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1031830183 originConf 1521259063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49716677 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336153079 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 964410818 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1370588053 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179240798 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85992644 that extends conf 1179240798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 655461566 that extends conf 1031830183 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020102590 that extends conf 655461566 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 933642222 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1224519823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 1224519823 originConf 933642222
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueue
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshCallQueue
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
