msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 786103 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 42612738
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 42612738 originConf 786103
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 821680551 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061281814 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1662075679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730079213
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 730079213 originConf 1662075679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1694007171 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225947517 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 501042755 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205732628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1205732628 originConf 501042755
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429941015 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1975222810 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897495420 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660744389 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 103455459 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976248193 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675405373 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485193736 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662365980 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 780879132 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 32150147 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72724921 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90569653 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210196283 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195167593 that extends conf 42612738 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658781133 that extends conf 730079213 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1189467727 that extends conf 1205732628 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1571219784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1265015078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1265015078 originConf 1571219784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866418320 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284757711 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 877339618 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1612780794 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916841642 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1456868299 that extends conf 916841642 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057238549 that extends conf 1265015078 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1500177005 that extends conf 1057238549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021226020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 674670709
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 674670709 originConf 2021226020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 759317894 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1014353402 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1938082176 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252367594 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139848341 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827088732 that extends conf 2139848341 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 484863243 that extends conf 674670709 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108029444 that extends conf 484863243 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1571219784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 340916415
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 340916415 originConf 1571219784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434925463 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932356236 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742636127 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10008855 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2138292827 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1256890447 that extends conf 2138292827 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 292157382 that extends conf 340916415 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 429003657 that extends conf 292157382 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021226020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1734689903
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 1734689903 originConf 2021226020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638760356 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866792965 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2107302487 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919647299 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 522999190 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46046105 that extends conf 522999190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1582266195 that extends conf 1734689903 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1915911762 that extends conf 1582266195 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 572169390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 620807883
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DFSAdmin.1 uniqueConf 620807883 originConf 572169390
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.tools.TestDFSAdminWithHA#testRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfigurationNN1UpNN2Down
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
