msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 807657332 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1720339
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1720339 originConf 807657332
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 530486389 that extends conf 1720339 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 505231702 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 484841769
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 484841769 originConf 505231702
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976358110 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1453062635 that extends conf 976358110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 484841769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1328323494 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1260127127
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1260127127 originConf 1328323494
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906549136 that extends conf 1260127127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663716901 that extends conf 1906549136 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908999587 that extends conf 1260127127 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1204178174 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831705084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1831705084 originConf 1204178174
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327539680 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 1327539680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271422148 that extends conf 1831705084 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1620112330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 761973299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 761973299 originConf 1620112330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 329481770 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1554118033 that extends conf 329481770 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369333979 that extends conf 761973299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
