msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 341796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1100619942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1100619942 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985028494 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1415439780 that extends conf 1985028494 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635288507 that extends conf 1100619942 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 389779746 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1086323658
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1086323658 originConf 389779746
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911138454 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773008684 that extends conf 1911138454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472234151 that extends conf 1086323658 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1028472807 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816468636 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424788681 that extends conf 1816468636 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389432760 that extends conf 1028472807 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 701166114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1774468680 originConf 701166114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490985125 that extends conf 560465923 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1484275564 that extends conf 1774468680 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 242408359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1296928719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1296928719 originConf 242408359
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077662850 that extends conf 1296928719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 2077662850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1855734078 that extends conf 1296928719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1599566873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1060935276 originConf 1599566873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008229299 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069584108 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558404860 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 506775047 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033880954 that extends conf 506775047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1627496281 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1280443567
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1280443567 originConf 1627496281
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944138464 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589309113 that extends conf 1944138464 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1721576219 that extends conf 1280443567 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544147328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1222094219 originConf 1544147328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131037934 that extends conf 1222094219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14633842 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 1222094219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1699443392 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44278425
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 44278425 originConf 1699443392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499418021 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 1499418021 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47268007 that extends conf 44278425 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEnd
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
