msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSupportBlockGroup
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076940898 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 510391574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 510391574 originConf 2076940898
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 690877509 that extends conf 510391574 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872909521 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 464936674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 464936674 originConf 1872909521
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989647907 that extends conf 464936674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107790421 that extends conf 989647907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1630091833 that extends conf 464936674 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1694735185 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 275635704
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 275635704 originConf 1694735185
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963298812 that extends conf 275635704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377182831 that extends conf 1963298812 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 583925541 that extends conf 275635704 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1710401647 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1680829612
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1680829612 originConf 1710401647
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936549271 that extends conf 1680829612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2120434150 that extends conf 936549271 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356650099 that extends conf 1680829612 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 179453636 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 497954174
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 497954174 originConf 179453636
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128632560 that extends conf 497954174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579871515 that extends conf 1128632560 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220470639 that extends conf 497954174 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 527519595 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 481228757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 481228757 originConf 527519595
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108332941 that extends conf 481228757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843893141 that extends conf 1108332941 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 919570950 that extends conf 481228757 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713133699 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1279130350
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1279130350 originConf 1713133699
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661886846 that extends conf 1279130350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9524219 that extends conf 1661886846 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 476453791 that extends conf 1279130350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 649196504 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1502796623
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1502796623 originConf 649196504
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 943083471 that extends conf 1502796623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212756386 that extends conf 943083471 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005412928 that extends conf 1502796623 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1175435466 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1702268584
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1702268584 originConf 1175435466
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369503140 that extends conf 1702268584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 769422486 that extends conf 369503140 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1267901533 that extends conf 1702268584 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787426104 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1093362648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1093362648 originConf 1787426104
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1234304289 that extends conf 1093362648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499022895 that extends conf 1234304289 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874736867 that extends conf 1093362648 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1782217859 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1453501404
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1453501404 originConf 1782217859
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1575467817 that extends conf 1453501404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735862065 that extends conf 1575467817 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152482984 that extends conf 1453501404 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 900610738 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 962352432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 962352432 originConf 900610738
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350311094 that extends conf 962352432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977858041 that extends conf 1350311094 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791456075 that extends conf 962352432 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 378634962 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1585550359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 1585550359 originConf 378634962
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133689172 that extends conf 1585550359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968139654 that extends conf 2133689172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544998010 that extends conf 1585550359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1728165950 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454778608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 454778608 originConf 1728165950
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 128776737 that extends conf 454778608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016751849 that extends conf 128776737 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018242526 that extends conf 454778608 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1382307833 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 475465634
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 475465634 originConf 1382307833
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2016489609 that extends conf 475465634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225825026 that extends conf 2016489609 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755648964 that extends conf 475465634 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2076940898 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 771954596
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 771954596 originConf 2076940898
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491703282 that extends conf 771954596 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSupportBlockGroup
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSupportBlockGroup
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
