msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 330739404 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1219273867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1219273867 originConf 330739404
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 1219273867 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1821100643 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1191864687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1191864687 originConf 1821100643
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731295355 that extends conf 1191864687 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1829460911 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 209360730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 209360730 originConf 1829460911
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673916398 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107579932 that extends conf 1673916398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503595296 that extends conf 209360730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1392886653 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1725054538
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1725054538 originConf 1392886653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248487859 that extends conf 535352603 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560465923 that extends conf 1725054538 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760401098 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1372137902
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1372137902 originConf 1760401098
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078239671 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 923013679 that extends conf 2078239671 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748097277 that extends conf 1372137902 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 855724043 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 977650730
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 977650730 originConf 855724043
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008612116 that extends conf 275754769 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980533504 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1489831627 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 140428850
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 140428850 originConf 1489831627
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042917213 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511180072 that extends conf 2042917213 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1563634025 that extends conf 140428850 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999036805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 223000346
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 223000346 originConf 1999036805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 223000346 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1041326823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1914615775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1914615775 originConf 1041326823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1995505717 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099932844 that extends conf 1995505717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10915321 that extends conf 1914615775 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1251285265 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346377974
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 346377974 originConf 1251285265
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060928475 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1186371052 that extends conf 1060928475 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015122628 that extends conf 346377974 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 828610686 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137989065
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1137989065 originConf 828610686
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1439361845 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 565079667 that extends conf 1439361845 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731967318 that extends conf 1137989065 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130160902 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 810262298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 810262298 originConf 1130160902
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850646717 that extends conf 810262298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 233951222 that extends conf 1850646717 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404669942 that extends conf 810262298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestRetryCacheWithHA#testModifyCacheDirectiveInfo
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
