msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-reconfagent reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 780981919 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1561654800 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent creating ReconfAgent 383839518 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1352423854 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 294677100 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1608234238 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1776348127 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1464071209 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 93157802 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 479847360 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 182818763 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1869326334 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1495772352, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 868537377, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2090425952, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1335753235, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1217379025, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1564213433, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 730591234, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 514150568, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 229825117, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1325943077, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 719954191 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2127723109 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1361712654 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 545140625 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1056857714 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 197157871 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1541804884 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1345734192 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1908260847 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1787307374 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1214075698, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1536632290, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1232239213, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 934900557, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 284612408, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2026445860, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 692225092, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 635723404, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 66641415, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1272246401, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1287286483 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1880589563 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 433137513 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 714807704 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 731509457 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1305668166 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 100840648 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1674430671 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 307057216 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1096443903 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1873464182, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 4539973, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 693229104, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2090959967, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1677087393, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1241491034, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1506767517, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1015156278, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 877214957, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1431439992, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 630218366 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 202740904 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2021554220 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1601577424 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 412999967 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1873785265 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 10931943 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 599412522 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1365335326 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1449481906 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 633788655, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 401661811, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 163293486, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1108340941, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1673335, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 31072789, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1477636496, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1060125666, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 364876996, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 487374970, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 303251551 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 422988358 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1531931880 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1874101412 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1055316764 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 454634818 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2062563407 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 846353574 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 300949562 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 289000986 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1542763745, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2079952601, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 479290374, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1271979518, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1337496044, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 357216598, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 821065593, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 93272425, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 134861366, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 266472973, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 997752775 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1805494445 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 821760899 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1113619593 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 617033263 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1793284070 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 389984355 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1621497072 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 507195115 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1402659135 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1296495586, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1872871534, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 384065087, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 502312336, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1985253109, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1149208391, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2071594678, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 552735699, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 763883247, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1706651023, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 320895752 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1674293593 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1944620444 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1765179911 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1285573574 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1545784537 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1567087189 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1581850361 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1177673954 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 110805591 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1867867476, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 743857457, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 273034896, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 379757502, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1696952792, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1781870568, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1227708720, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1099244821, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2139250520, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 2140371184, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 684479853 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1249223456 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 102482928 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 301729947 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2062239877 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2039603751 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1218192081 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 115497349 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 786009259 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1357970567 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1039136611, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1581554386, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 217145219, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1123638548, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 827809607, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 875894494, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1216176799, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 81586591, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2146264162, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 604941874, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1971993681 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2069810520 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 634145912 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1320649958 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 67166788 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 989138717 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 338196566 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 2071847830 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1530903410 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 672292826 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1676463248, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 508520721, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 500460404, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1348091352, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 2062800642, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 150644527, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 321539959, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1867631882, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1522977402, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1828351308, value is null
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1486784294 for NameNode
msx-reconfagent NameNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1549989914 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 456032182 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 412235926 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 816320745 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 288512792 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 530822091 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 1731977757 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 751274811 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent conf with hashCode 945233165 for DataNode
msx-reconfagent DataNode init, vvmode is none, do nothing
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 770335047, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 403360291, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 66306463, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 859557704, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1603373604, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1302849063, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1170625105, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1472967837, value is null
msx-reconfagent DataNode stop 1365407700, value is null
msx-reconfagent NameNode stop 1122536995, value is null
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSStripedOutputStreamWithFailure#testMultipleDatanodeFailure56
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
