msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 38262958
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 38262958 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221111433 that extends conf 38262958 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1527007086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1807176280
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1807176280 originConf 1527007086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591161296 that extends conf 1807176280 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1049590050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1357686726
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1357686726 originConf 1049590050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313960293 that extends conf 1357686726 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 696165690 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1607869297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1607869297 originConf 696165690
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2021053848 that extends conf 1607869297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938199512 that extends conf 2021053848 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1800500978 that extends conf 1607869297 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 986944742 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 724028528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 724028528 originConf 986944742
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61304908 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470420462 that extends conf 61304908 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426288284 that extends conf 724028528 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642308093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1554877309
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1554877309 originConf 1642308093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108066952 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140428850 that extends conf 1108066952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1371400311 that extends conf 1554877309 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testFileStatusOnMountLink
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testFileStatusOnMountLink
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemLinkMergeSlash#testFileStatusOnMountLink
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
