msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStatistics
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 350855422 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 134182706
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 134182706 originConf 350855422
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044239488 that extends conf 134182706 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 533296483 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1528964708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1528964708 originConf 533296483
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1921793446 that extends conf 1528964708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 338308710 that extends conf 1921793446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1144109085 that extends conf 1528964708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2059434768 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 732728311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 732728311 originConf 2059434768
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518715789 that extends conf 732728311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879549783 that extends conf 1518715789 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1247705098 that extends conf 732728311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1735741397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2128039108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 2128039108 originConf 1735741397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715709227 that extends conf 2128039108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068096295 that extends conf 715709227 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 163411789 that extends conf 2128039108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 710471336 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 757316687
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 757316687 originConf 710471336
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1645535350 that extends conf 757316687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463503668 that extends conf 1645535350 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 597880705 that extends conf 757316687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1283584942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 158836193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 158836193 originConf 1283584942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825226237 that extends conf 158836193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552815173 that extends conf 825226237 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649922921 that extends conf 158836193 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1516852030 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 783003447
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 783003447 originConf 1516852030
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1282908263 that extends conf 783003447 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1981440959 that extends conf 1282908263 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 827383026 that extends conf 783003447 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1555298477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 87707952
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 87707952 originConf 1555298477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1452840793 that extends conf 87707952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1685002674 that extends conf 1452840793 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891184780 that extends conf 87707952 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 331046297 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1375942004
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1375942004 originConf 331046297
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 820737694 that extends conf 1375942004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1467542235 that extends conf 820737694 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109670902 that extends conf 1375942004 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1818646403 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 739308777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 739308777 originConf 1818646403
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522845181 that extends conf 739308777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 924029418 that extends conf 1522845181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932574284 that extends conf 739308777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1253984053 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 939187081
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 939187081 originConf 1253984053
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378323573 that extends conf 939187081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302643044 that extends conf 378323573 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1723906954 that extends conf 939187081 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1674552050 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1325750635
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1325750635 originConf 1674552050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835311565 that extends conf 1325750635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998314853 that extends conf 1835311565 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068822935 that extends conf 1325750635 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1108485710 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 438860351
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 438860351 originConf 1108485710
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 897966590 that extends conf 438860351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548057843 that extends conf 897966590 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219454446 that extends conf 438860351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1295307233 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 356106355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.13 uniqueConf 356106355 originConf 1295307233
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1956528523 that extends conf 356106355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922978534 that extends conf 1956528523 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 324900745 that extends conf 356106355 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.13's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1784252430 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120829167
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.14 uniqueConf 1120829167 originConf 1784252430
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713174920 that extends conf 1120829167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 579724858 that extends conf 713174920 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874159626 that extends conf 1120829167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.14's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStatistics
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDistributedFileSystemWithECFileWithRandomECPolicy#testStatistics
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
