msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1362728240 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 282265585
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 282265585 originConf 1362728240
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 282265585 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1430199669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1730337646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1730337646 originConf 1430199669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706665172 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1387620926 that extends conf 706665172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 788892554 that extends conf 1730337646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1223050066
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1223050066 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045985568 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 137123763 that extends conf 1045985568 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1848886161 that extends conf 1223050066 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1369468094 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1302141801
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1302141801 originConf 1369468094
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 577245010 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 758465579 that extends conf 577245010 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485485458 that extends conf 1302141801 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293252487 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 626626764
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 626626764 originConf 1293252487
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657125852 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970779713 that extends conf 1657125852 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1960253514 that extends conf 626626764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987354705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1255109302
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1255109302 originConf 1987354705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 279781579 that extends conf 977650730 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028811481 that extends conf 1255109302 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1069584108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1107404311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1107404311 originConf 1069584108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274100821 that extends conf 1489831627 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800493254 that extends conf 1107404311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223000346 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1133227388
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1133227388 originConf 223000346
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 452015229 that extends conf 828088650 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699871906 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1655955258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 687399269
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 687399269 originConf 1655955258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041326823 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80191608 that extends conf 1041326823 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1604342290 that extends conf 687399269 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074492901 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530410619
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 530410619 originConf 2074492901
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971283804 that extends conf 2027227708 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834562889 that extends conf 530410619 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1897221921 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617937669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1617937669 originConf 1897221921
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604060129 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475759966 that extends conf 604060129 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872088401 that extends conf 1617937669 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 352378889 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1731967318
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.11 uniqueConf 1731967318 originConf 352378889
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050320909 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485047320 that extends conf 2050320909 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276714561 that extends conf 1731967318 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.11's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3886839 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 347986320
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.12 uniqueConf 347986320 originConf 3886839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1754530437 that extends conf 347986320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2051240763 that extends conf 1754530437 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 19203449 that extends conf 347986320 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.12's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestFileChecksumCompositeCrc#testStripedFileChecksumWithMissedDataBlocksRangeQuery3
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
