msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1427040229
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1427040229 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575935098 that extends conf 1427040229 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 176955204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 970781872
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 970781872 originConf 176955204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 703555670 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 703555670 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687627235 that extends conf 970781872 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568949719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1082865087
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1082865087 originConf 1568949719
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347808407 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203409950 that extends conf 347808407 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1967432164 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1826747905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 834824701
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 834824701 originConf 1826747905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1894698434 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693345846 that extends conf 1894698434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924966548 that extends conf 834824701 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 478182173 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 210474732
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 210474732 originConf 478182173
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846539844 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 742672280 that extends conf 1846539844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 317960117 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1748097277
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1748097277 originConf 317960117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 986944742 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356236848 that extends conf 986944742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275754769 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1647243882 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779914089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1779914089 originConf 1647243882
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254955665 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1296910502 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710191146 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1883971879 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1211586911
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1211586911 originConf 1883971879
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986581856 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965036946 that extends conf 1986581856 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 1211586911 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011481270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1814908102 originConf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653337757 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454440929
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 454440929 originConf 653337757
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1455177644 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2074492901 that extends conf 1455177644 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670283478 that extends conf 454440929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 394349340
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 394349340 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529842358 that extends conf 394349340 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 4015102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 4015102 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892237946 that extends conf 4015102 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745465688
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 745465688 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231498257 that extends conf 745465688 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 256359757
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.5 uniqueConf 256359757 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 683874722 that extends conf 256359757 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1202153674
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.6 uniqueConf 1202153674 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278601947 that extends conf 1202153674 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 828175481
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.7 uniqueConf 828175481 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406083373 that extends conf 828175481 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008542354
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.8 uniqueConf 2008542354 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747608772 that extends conf 2008542354 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1469350798
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.9 uniqueConf 1469350798 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430439060 that extends conf 1469350798 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1550207152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1303253133
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.10 uniqueConf 1303253133 originConf 1550207152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66404370 that extends conf 1303253133 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFSImage#testSaveAndLoadErasureCodingPolicies
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
