msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 139566260 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 431506362
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 431506362 originConf 139566260
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319689067 that extends conf 431506362 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1677543539 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1967432164
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1967432164 originConf 1677543539
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 226586078 that extends conf 1967432164 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 755328698 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1999135802
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 1999135802 originConf 755328698
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369901249 that extends conf 1999135802 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1895054149 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 279781579
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 279781579 originConf 1895054149
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638249646 that extends conf 279781579 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 738174829 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596779307
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 596779307 originConf 738174829
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 54134077 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 44278425 that extends conf 54134077 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 497479191 that extends conf 596779307 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 538618049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494414526
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 494414526 originConf 538618049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 101162229 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1295225869 that extends conf 101162229 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646445398 that extends conf 494414526 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 836972194 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1861754673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1861754673 originConf 836972194
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1432403167 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573125303 that extends conf 1432403167 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032399795 that extends conf 1861754673 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 316355462 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1120072844
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1120072844 originConf 316355462
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2771454 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1273895132 that extends conf 2771454 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1114525788 that extends conf 1120072844 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1819897025 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 730955696
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 730955696 originConf 1819897025
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1930319715 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335256857 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413946856 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286134778 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 293667566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 187649742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 187649742 originConf 293667566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208513211 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001284816 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146346292 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532297836 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1568159144 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 371932487
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.3 uniqueConf 371932487 originConf 1568159144
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635068762 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325147644 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2128859746 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60221145 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2142450580 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1957338226
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.4 uniqueConf 1957338226 originConf 2142450580
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252713736 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100703210 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2076627578 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970707120 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1279852178 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1847301137 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081595126 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77811359 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 25641539 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936596829 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941045554 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337133701 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183440737 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985385951 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060832639 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817483570 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130230605 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 450865421 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654546019 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184896474 that extends conf 730955696 into componenet hdfs:Router.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441391168 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067853445 that extends conf 187649742 into componenet hdfs:Router.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979251019 that extends conf 1957338226 into componenet hdfs:Router.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2104224408 that extends conf 371932487 into componenet hdfs:Router.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
