msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheConfig
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 68377659 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 585324508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 585324508 originConf 68377659
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 585324508 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 617928649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1961129028
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1961129028 originConf 617928649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553672556 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 246826139 that extends conf 553672556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209360730 that extends conf 1961129028 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 608817143 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 238874235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 238874235 originConf 608817143
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027200 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818093527 that extends conf 1027200 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 619985571 that extends conf 238874235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1028472807 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 226586078
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 226586078 originConf 1028472807
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1318475957 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 247644034 that extends conf 1318475957 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968957548 that extends conf 226586078 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1774468680 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 596333086
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 596333086 originConf 1774468680
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539240764 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999135802 that extends conf 539240764 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 465909321 that extends conf 596333086 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 985487390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 317960117
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 317960117 originConf 985487390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1803890702 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485475507 that extends conf 1803890702 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202081661 that extends conf 317960117 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 428245792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1647243882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1647243882 originConf 428245792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060935276 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240412896 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689458432 that extends conf 1647243882 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 609389093 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1883971879
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 1883971879 originConf 609389093
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 523051393 that extends conf 1883971879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377160602 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1883971879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1011481270 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1814908102
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1814908102 originConf 1011481270
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486553742 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406004470 that extends conf 1486553742 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565713391 that extends conf 1814908102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1222094219 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 10915321
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 10915321 originConf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 216746962 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959758632 that extends conf 216746962 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2042979183 that extends conf 10915321 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1536728519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 845119401
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 845119401 originConf 1536728519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657842786 that extends conf 845119401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511651343 that extends conf 1657842786 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1346354118 that extends conf 845119401 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheConfig
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestNamenodeRetryCache#testRetryCacheConfig
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
