msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 2095490653 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.1 uniqueConf 2095490653 originConf 2095490653
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170144208 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1702143276 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 68326648 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.2 uniqueConf 68326648 originConf 68326648
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533524862 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 937744315 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1424698224 is unique for registering as hdfs:JournalNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:JournalNode.3 uniqueConf 1424698224 originConf 1424698224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833474933 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 225909961 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 147725793 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227885075 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80041085 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1482236866 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 617539743 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725990366 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542446804 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1240907176 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757745504 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673248269 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113579071 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 305450594 that extends conf 1424698224 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249647601 that extends conf 2095490653 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245358606 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73894782 that extends conf 68326648 into componenet hdfs:JournalNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 15477956 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 15477956 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112527632 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319473139 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1873155841 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012169652 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 61137731 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780293706 that extends conf 61137731 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878992188 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818449913 that extends conf 1878992188 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 1495161082 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1495161082 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1233505227 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146640495 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084475982 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1515633610 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925803196 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1288135425 that extends conf 925803196 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49318987 that extends conf 1495161082 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058650291 that extends conf 49318987 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141066548 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777677402 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835800606 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1225962030 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1592648209 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084899457 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 172174643 that extends conf 15477956 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 15477956 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.1, let clone and return new conf 955443582
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 955443582 originConf 15477956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1274225913 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 720221867 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 9031145 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106164745 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898751355 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164241227 that extends conf 1898751355 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414744767 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366581056 that extends conf 1414744767 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1495161082 is shared with component hdfs:NameNode.2, let clone and return new conf 665565246
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.4 uniqueConf 665565246 originConf 1495161082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049348234 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363873298 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925484300 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 727379699 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184694332 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799424291 that extends conf 1184694332 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1472012329 that extends conf 665565246 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540923243 that extends conf 1472012329 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 485580854 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2040134489 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007292753 that extends conf 955443582 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.qjournal.server.TestJournalNodeSync#testMultipleJournalsMultipleMissingLogs
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
