msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 94157402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1908571880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908571880 originConf 94157402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 904253669 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045731788 that extends conf 1908571880 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739267143 that extends conf 1045731788 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 276714561 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 489047267
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 489047267 originConf 276714561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518752790 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 680865258 that extends conf 1518752790 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179272258 that extends conf 489047267 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540219992 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1842943543
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1842943543 originConf 1540219992
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 499951827 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648972298 that extends conf 499951827 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940601516 that extends conf 1842943543 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 368955890 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1269339945
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1269339945 originConf 368955890
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846508205 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140846441 that extends conf 1846508205 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579584742 that extends conf 1269339945 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1754451055 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1688917723
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 1688917723 originConf 1754451055
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303362110 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019009267 that extends conf 1303362110 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757779849 that extends conf 1688917723 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 859617558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 66774422
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 66774422 originConf 859617558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 481402298 that extends conf 66774422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1486954672 that extends conf 481402298 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759313234 that extends conf 66774422 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1181191753 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1851241961
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1851241961 originConf 1181191753
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1045397707 that extends conf 1851241961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634411546 that extends conf 1045397707 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552076111 that extends conf 1851241961 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041611826 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450420562
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 450420562 originConf 2041611826
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167692593 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2025066647 that extends conf 167692593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033425208 that extends conf 450420562 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1311884268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1124288521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 1124288521 originConf 1311884268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843459456 that extends conf 1124288521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256703888 that extends conf 1843459456 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1540031691 that extends conf 1124288521 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1099694603 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1615535645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1615535645 originConf 1099694603
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 648176342 that extends conf 1615535645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1491623023 that extends conf 648176342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086767061 that extends conf 1615535645 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445010547 that extends conf 1739267143 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: localhost:33525: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener stackTrace: javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException: localhost:33525: sun.security.validator.ValidatorException: PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.fs.http.client.TestHttpFSFWithSWebhdfsFileSystem#testOperationDoAs[27]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
