msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 195984832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123960023
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2123960023 originConf 195984832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286649365 that extends conf 2123960023 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1263391254 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1516417700
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1516417700 originConf 1263391254
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739555643 that extends conf 1516417700 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1894144426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 851480926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 851480926 originConf 1894144426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202064342 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309060377 that extends conf 202064342 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 851480926 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1642356615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1962865655
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1962865655 originConf 1642356615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1300576734 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 991242536 that extends conf 1300576734 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 1962865655 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 824900551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917161212
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1917161212 originConf 824900551
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320869181 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288797801 that extends conf 1320869181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118881143 that extends conf 1917161212 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 886004375 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 456314134
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 456314134 originConf 886004375
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564078808 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611739613 that extends conf 1564078808 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632841653 that extends conf 456314134 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 903716563 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 899675353
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.1 uniqueConf 899675353 originConf 903716563
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1540031691 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 773518491
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:Router.2 uniqueConf 773518491 originConf 1540031691
msx-rc 0
