msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 341796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 482052083
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 482052083 originConf 341796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 482052083 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 821405322 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 15892131
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 15892131 originConf 821405322
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620423816 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 73698537 that extends conf 620423816 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1649847375 that extends conf 15892131 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1984328477 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118414398
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1118414398 originConf 1984328477
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082865087 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437630857 that extends conf 1082865087 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1963974958 that extends conf 1118414398 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2108440536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1365790282 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925568390 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428726828 that extends conf 925568390 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 535352603 that extends conf 1365790282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1481751887 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 981487964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.4 uniqueConf 981487964 originConf 1481751887
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 210474732 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1009326765 that extends conf 210474732 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 85121323 that extends conf 981487964 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1009916891 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068232840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.5 uniqueConf 1068232840 originConf 1009916891
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1748097277 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 501951555 that extends conf 1748097277 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977650730 that extends conf 1068232840 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 426288284 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1056185446
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.6 uniqueConf 1056185446 originConf 426288284
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1779914089 that extends conf 1056185446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671816300 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489831627 that extends conf 1056185446 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 774362927 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 523051393
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.7 uniqueConf 523051393 originConf 774362927
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 523051393 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.7's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 653515020 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 348148678
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.8 uniqueConf 348148678 originConf 653515020
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 611502040 that extends conf 348148678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708926121 that extends conf 611502040 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 514453513 that extends conf 348148678 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.8's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1544147328 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1222094219
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.9 uniqueConf 1222094219 originConf 1544147328
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 131037934 that extends conf 1222094219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 14633842 that extends conf 131037934 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2027227708 that extends conf 1222094219 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.9's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1186371052 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1520836654
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.10 uniqueConf 1520836654 originConf 1186371052
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691629865 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1533662221 that extends conf 1691629865 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244815033 that extends conf 1520836654 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.10's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEndForAppend
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEndForAppend
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFavoredNodesEndToEnd#testFavoredNodesEndToEndForAppend
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
