hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestAuditLoggerWithCommands#testStartReconfiguration hdfs:NameNode
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.monitor.TestServiceMonitor#testComponentDependency yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testContainerCompleted yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testContainersFromDifferentApp yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testContainersFromPreviousAttemptsWithRMRestart yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testContainersReleasedWhenExpired yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testContainersReleasedWhenPreLaunchFails yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testIPChange yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestServiceAM#testScheduleWithMultipleResourceTypes yarn:ServiceMaster
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService yarn:ResourceManager
hadoop.registry.zk.retry.interval.ms yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
