mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.client.completion.pollinterval hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
