mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testSnappyCompress mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testKeySize mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.kvtest.LargeKVTest#testValueSize mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testStatusLimit mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForJobCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForJobSetup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitNotRequiredForTaskCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitRequiredForMapTask mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitRequiredForReduceTask mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testTaskCleanupDoesNotCommit mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainMapNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testIOExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testEmptyMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testGcCounter mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testMapCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLineWithLog4JConifg mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testEnvironmentVariables mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateCRLAShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMillisCountersUpdate mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForMap mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testSlowNM mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testUnregistrationOnlyIfRegistered mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestAMInfos#testAMInfosWithoutRecoveryEnabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testFailTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testMapFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testReduceFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTaskFailWithUnusedContainer mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTimedOutTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureMultipleReduces mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureWithRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testAbsentNotificationOnNotLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryNormalShutdown mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryShutdownWithRuntimeException mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskAttempt mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobAfterTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobBeforeTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWait mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies#testComponentStopOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterFailLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterJobLaunchTime mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMidLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterMissingStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterSuccessLock mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCommitPending mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testContainerPassThrough mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCountersOnJobFinish mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobError mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootNotLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootOnLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobSuccess mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testMapReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testUpdatedNodes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMapReduces mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#test mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#testViewAclOnlyCannotModify mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashed mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashOfMapsOnlyJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testMultipleCrashes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecoveryMapsOnly mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobIsNotCleanedWhenRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobOutputCleanedWhenNoRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryFailsUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithOldCommiter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithoutShuffleSecret mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithSpillEncryption mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testSpeculative mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testStagingCleanupOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppRedirection mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppSSLDisabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testAssignedQueue mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testEventsFlushOnStop mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testHistoryEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testCountersForFailedTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDeleteFileInfo mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDiagnosticsForKilledJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsing mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingWithParseErrors mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobHistoryMethods mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testScanningOldDirs mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSepculateSuccessfulWithUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSpeculateSuccessfulWithoutUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#largeFilesToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDeepDirectoryStructureFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testLargeFilesFromRemote mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testNonDirectWrite mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testTrackDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureNoChange mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.contract.TestLocalContractDistCp#testUpdateDeepDirectoryStructureToRemote mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSync#testSync9 mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testChunkCopyOneFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testDistcpLargeFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUseNonEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserEmptyDir mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserNonEmptyDirWithUpdate mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testPreserveUserSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testRecursiveChunkCopy mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpSystem#testSourceRoot mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testMultiFileTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileMissingTarget mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetDir mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testSingleFileTargetFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpViewFs#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithAcls#testPreserveAcls mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs1 mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs2 mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs3 mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithRawXAttrs#testPreserveRawXAttrs4 mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCpWithXAttrs#testPreserveXAttrs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanupTestViaToolRunner mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestExternalCall#testCleanup mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testDeleteMissingInDestination[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testMultiFileTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testOverwrite[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileMissingTarget[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetDir[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testSingleFileTargetFile[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingMultiLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateGlobTargetMissingSingleLevel[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetMissing[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateMultiDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[0] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[1] mapreduce:MapTask
mapreduce.fileoutputcommitter.algorithm.version hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestIntegration#testUpdateSingleDirTargetPresent[2] mapreduce:MapTask
