mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testNestedJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testIOExRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testRuntimeExRun mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFileOutputFormat#testCustomFile mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobClientGetJob#testGetRunningJobFromJobClient mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterD mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testKeyMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testValueMismatch mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobQueueClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMapOnlyJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestTaskCommit#testCommitFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testCompressionRatios mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestCompressionEmulationUtils#testRandomCompressedTextDataGenerator mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testCopyToLocal mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testGlobFiles mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testPathWithSpaces mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testReadFileContent mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePath mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testRelativePathWitRepl mapreduce:JobClient
mapreduce.job.cache.limit.max-resources hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchives#testSingleFile mapreduce:JobClient
