yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithIllegalArguments yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithMissingArgumentValue yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testSpecifyingLogAggregationContext yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncherError yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.unmanagedamlauncher.TestUnmanagedAMLauncher#testUMALauncher yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByPlacementProcessor yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints#testAMRMClientWithPlacementConstraintsByScheduler yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAllocationWithBlacklist[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClient[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientAllocReqId[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFit[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitExecType[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchStorage[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithBlacklist[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithInvalidNodeLabels[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAskWithNodeLabels[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testNoUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testUpdateTrackingUrl[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testWaitFor[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyE2E yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testAMRMProxyTokenRenewal yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMProxy#testE2ETokenSwap yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testMixedAllocationAndRelease yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testAMMRTokens[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClient#testSubmitIncorrectQueueToCapacityScheduler[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testCancelDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testForceKillApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationAttemptsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetApplicationsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterNodesOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainersOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueInfoOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetQueueUserAclsOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testMoveApplicationAcrossQueuesOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testSubmitApplicationOnHA yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testEmbeddedWebAppProxy yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testExplicitFailover yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestRMFailover#testWebAppProxyInStandAloneMode yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testLinuxContainerExecutorWithResourcePluginsEnabled yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testNodeStatusUpdaterWithResourcePluginsEnabled yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.containermanager.resourceplugin.TestResourcePluginManager#testResourcePluginManagerInitialization yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerMXBean#testNodeManagerMXBean yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerReboot#testClearLocalDirWhenNodeReboot yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testContainerResourceIncreaseIsSynchronizedWithRMResync yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testKillContainersOnResync yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMMultipleResyncEvent yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMSentContainerStatusOnResync yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testNMshutdownWhenResyncThrowException yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerResync#testPreserveContainersOnResyncKeepingContainers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerShutdown#testKillContainersOnShutdown yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeManagerShutdown#testStateStoreRemovalOnDecommission yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForAttributes#testInvalidNodeAttributesFromProvider yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForAttributes#testNodeStatusUpdaterForNodeAttributes yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForLabels#testInvalidNodeLabelsFromProvider yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdaterForLabels#testNodeStatusUpdaterForNodeLabels yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testApplicationKeepAlive yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCleanedupApplicationContainerCleanup yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCompletedContainersIsRecentlyStopped yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testCompletedContainerStatusBackup yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMConnectionToRM yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMRegistration yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMRMConnectionConf yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNMShutdownForRegistrationFailure yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNodeDecommision yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNodeStatusUpdaterRetryAndNMShutdown yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testNoRegistrationWhenNMServicesFail yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRecentlyFinishedContainers yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRemovePreviousCompletedContainersFromContext yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testRMVersionLessThanMinimum yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testSignalContainerToContainerManager yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.TestNodeStatusUpdater#testStopReentrant yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Secure] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestContainerManagerSecurity#testContainerManager[Simple] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLocalDirsFailures yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestDiskFailures#testLogDirsFailures yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYARNClusterForHA#testClusterWorks yarn:NodeManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testMockNodeStatusHeartbeat yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnClusterNodeUtilization#testUpdateNodeUtilization yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigkillDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testAMSigtermDoesNotKillApplication yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCancelUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentStartOrder yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateFlexStopDestroyService yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameSameUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testExpressUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testStopDestroySavedService yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testUpgrade yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner#testHadoopArchiveLogsWithArchiveError yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.nodemanager.resource.percentage-physical-cpu-limit hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestHadoopArchiveLogs#testFilterAppsByAggregatedStatus yarn:ResourceManager
