yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerResourceChange[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMContainerPromotionAndDemotionWithAutoUpdate[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testSlowNM mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTaskFailWithUnusedContainer mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppMaster#testMRAppMasterJobLaunchTime mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testByPreserveFailedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStagingOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testDeletionofStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNoDeletionofStagingOnReboot mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testNotPreserveNotPatternMatchedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedAndFailedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.client.max-cached-nodemanagers-proxies mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testPreservePatternMatchedStaging mapreduce:MRAppMaster
