yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient mapreduce:JobQueueClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink mapreduce:JobClient
yarn.app.mapreduce.am.container.log.backups hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh mapreduce:JobClient
