yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testAutoHeapSizes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testCommandLineWithLog4JConifg mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testEnvironmentVariables mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLine mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateCRLAShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestMapReduceChildJVM#testReduceCommandLineWithSeparateShuffle mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestShuffleProvider#testShuffleProviders mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttemptContainerRequest#testAttemptContainerRequest mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerCleanedWhileCommitting mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerCleanedWhileRunning mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillAfterAssigned mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillWhileCommitPending mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testContainerKillWhileRunning mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testDoubleTooManyFetchFailure mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testFailMapTaskByClient mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testFetchFailureAttemptFinishTime mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskAfterSuccess mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskWhileFailFinishing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testKillMapTaskWhileSuccessFinishing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testLaunchFailedWhileKilling mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMillisCountersUpdate mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForMap mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testMRAppHistoryForTAFailedInAssigned mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTaskAttemptDiagnosticEventOnFinishing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTimeoutWhileFailFinishing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTimeoutWhileSuccessFinishing mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.job.impl.TestTaskAttempt#testTooManyFetchFailureAfterKill mapreduce:MapTask
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.launcher.TestContainerLauncher#testSlowNM mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgress mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.rm.TestRMContainerAllocator#testReportedAppProgressWithOnlyMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestAMInfos#testAMInfosWithoutRecoveryEnabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testFailTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testMapFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testReduceFailureMaxPercent mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTaskFailWithUnusedContainer mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFail#testTimedOutTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureMultipleReduces mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestFetchFailure#testFetchFailureWithRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testAbsentNotificationOnNotLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryNormalShutdown mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryShutdownWithRuntimeException mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestJobEndNotifier#testNotificationOnLastRetryUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskAttempt mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobAfterTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWaitKillJobBeforeTA_DONE mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestKill#testKillTaskWait mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRAppComponentDependencies#testComponentStopOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCommitPending mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testContainerPassThrough mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testCountersOnJobFinish mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobError mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootNotLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobRebootOnLastRetryOnUnregistrationFailure mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testJobSuccess mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testMapReduce mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testUpdatedNodes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRApp#testZeroMaps mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#test mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestMRClientService#testViewAclOnlyCannotModify mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashed mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testCrashOfMapsOnlyJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testMultipleCrashes mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecoveryMapsOnly mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testOutputRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobIsNotCleanedWhenRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testPreviousJobOutputCleanedWhenNoRecovery mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryFailsUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoverySuccessUsingCustomOutputCommitter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithOldCommiter mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithoutShuffleSecret mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testRecoveryWithSpillEncryption mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestRecovery#testSpeculative mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.TestStagingCleanup#testStagingCleanupOrder mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppRedirection mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.app.webapp.TestAMWebApp#testMRWebAppSSLDisabled mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testAssignedQueue mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testEventsFlushOnStop mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryEvents#testHistoryEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testCountersForFailedTask mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDeleteFileInfo mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testDiagnosticsForKilledJob mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingForKilledAndFailedAttempts mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsing mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testHistoryParsingWithParseErrors mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testJobHistoryMethods mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryParsing#testScanningOldDirs mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.hs.TestJobHistoryServer#testReports mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSepculateSuccessfulWithUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
yarn.app.mapreduce.task.container.log.backups mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecutionWithMRApp#testSpeculateSuccessfulWithoutUpdateEvents mapreduce:MRAppMaster
