msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005696654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917038455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1917038455 originConf 1005696654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1013141112 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828609480 that extends conf 1013141112 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872842494 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 661761285 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706045881 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1630301452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2000407628
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 2000407628 originConf 1630301452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402449648 that extends conf 2000407628 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529363984 that extends conf 2000407628 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1893907445 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 750968310
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 750968310 originConf 1893907445
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033399845 that extends conf 750968310 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 667438502 that extends conf 750968310 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1683288062 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1965358215 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 475528545 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1376000290 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260871669 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1404415103 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 241063730 that extends conf 2000407628 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456951106 that extends conf 2000407628 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027941251 that extends conf 750968310 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941175277 that extends conf 750968310 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1638995401 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1068948973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1068948973 originConf 1638995401
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896663371 that extends conf 1068948973 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787824776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973587416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 973587416 originConf 1787824776
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413886406 that extends conf 973587416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536798121 that extends conf 1413886406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890918478 that extends conf 973587416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 597501977 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 534495474
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 534495474 originConf 597501977
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689677661 that extends conf 534495474 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 689677661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244803857 that extends conf 689677661 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1320457866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1175446921
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1175446921 originConf 1320457866
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1034041672 that extends conf 1175446921 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 1320457866
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1320457866 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 450260622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600630256 that extends conf 450260622 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
