msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1813666644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442125849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 442125849 originConf 1813666644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814827909 that extends conf 442125849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 24334184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1060935276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1060935276 originConf 24334184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1539038539 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1539038539 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46259342 that extends conf 1060935276 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1235381529 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1930319715
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1930319715 originConf 1235381529
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 287859212 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1920321355 originConf 287859212
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457893088 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901945192 that extends conf 457893088 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783141366 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502616653 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925152318 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 771642661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 19467337
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 19467337 originConf 771642661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2095710480 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281049997 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411876574 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713847712 that extends conf 411876574 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278986288 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 520082748 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1187146208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1187146208 originConf 520082748
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653553574 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184248953 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121573248 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778484786 that extends conf 2121573248 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264966132 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930319715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 303805531
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 303805531 originConf 1930319715
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83534488 that extends conf 303805531 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591530968 that extends conf 83534488 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315998990 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709091500 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1986562346 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829496747 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854367376 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876487258 that extends conf 1920321355 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227644740 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033850902 that extends conf 1713847712 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457714879 that extends conf 19467337 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672493939 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1282035709 that extends conf 778484786 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603114855 that extends conf 1187146208 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 42783426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2041676336
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 2041676336 originConf 42783426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491738374 that extends conf 2041676336 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 491738374
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426124479 that extends conf 491738374 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 637847855 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 725400311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 725400311 originConf 637847855
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1227563759 that extends conf 725400311 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1227563759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127148284 that extends conf 1227563759 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1781735435 that extends conf 1502616653 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 93824905 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1745301987
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1745301987 originConf 93824905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187330360 that extends conf 1502616653 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2041892010 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1330450161
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1330450161 originConf 2041892010
msx-rc 1
