msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1664165134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300528434
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300528434 originConf 1664165134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13643661 that extends conf 1792088662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45643137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1412564235
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1412564235 originConf 45643137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1787083818 that extends conf 1412564235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 777190206 that extends conf 1787083818 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082545616 that extends conf 1412564235 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2089104518 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 992955027
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 992955027 originConf 2089104518
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 557568981 that extends conf 992955027 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 557568981
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191863711 that extends conf 557568981 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 57394907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2101945712
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 2101945712 originConf 57394907
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 503384558 that extends conf 2101945712 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 57394907
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 57394907 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 126061140
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869617009 that extends conf 126061140 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
