msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882348832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 906347731
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 906347731 originConf 1882348832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 906347731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913017282 that extends conf 2088969892 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832284192 that extends conf 906347731 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678115778 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1472036907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1472036907 originConf 678115778
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1759915172 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518692141 that extends conf 1759915172 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 8136897 that extends conf 1472036907 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419792179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1858493278
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1858493278 originConf 419792179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2079051109 that extends conf 1858493278 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 2079051109
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1195670735 that extends conf 2079051109 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1649274766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 767468946
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 767468946 originConf 1649274766
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41557515 that extends conf 767468946 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 1649274766
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1649274766 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1717528406
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041620026 that extends conf 1717528406 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
