msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1300528434 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 410958248
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 410958248 originConf 1300528434
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1665308978 that extends conf 410958248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792381498 that extends conf 1665308978 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 918307166 that extends conf 410958248 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123674777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 46627301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 46627301 originConf 123674777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534655921 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198374825 that extends conf 1534655921 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1743553655 that extends conf 46627301 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732688777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 641449963
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 641449963 originConf 732688777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52354732 that extends conf 641449963 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 52354732
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742235652 that extends conf 52354732 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 578343804 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1555370524
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1555370524 originConf 578343804
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 474284245 that extends conf 1555370524 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 578343804
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 578343804 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 291244937
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703796300 that extends conf 291244937 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
