msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 627318073 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2100440237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2100440237 originConf 627318073
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275563320 that extends conf 2100440237 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 472234151 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1008612116
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1008612116 originConf 472234151
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1816397102 that extends conf 1008612116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 673384643 that extends conf 1816397102 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 1008612116 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 847839957 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 971404566
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 971404566 originConf 847839957
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653774328 that extends conf 971404566 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1293389141 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1928224132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1928224132 originConf 1293389141
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813525162 that extends conf 1928224132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114990534 that extends conf 1813525162 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1711393939 that extends conf 1928224132 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1545644729 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 745966298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 745966298 originConf 1545644729
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1970707120 that extends conf 745966298 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2090589929 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 572370257
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 572370257 originConf 2090589929
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1004219512 that extends conf 572370257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1028259121 that extends conf 1004219512 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833343025 that extends conf 572370257 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
