msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1436633036 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605052357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 605052357 originConf 1436633036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795326519 that extends conf 605052357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2123269713
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2123269713 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 402207819 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1663738275 that extends conf 402207819 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658785779 that extends conf 2123269713 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 440472115 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1476812556
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1476812556 originConf 440472115
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 518167684 that extends conf 1476812556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932244589 that extends conf 518167684 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 807239968 that extends conf 1476812556 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1765690649 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 689448569
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 689448569 originConf 1765690649
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 654740048 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090289474 that extends conf 654740048 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 92864491 that extends conf 689448569 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515036017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2063275841
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 2063275841 originConf 515036017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641449963 that extends conf 2063275841 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 641449963
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52354732 that extends conf 641449963 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1327452469 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 598734
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 598734 originConf 1327452469
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096998070 that extends conf 598734 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 1327452469
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1327452469 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 777823612
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1737162027 that extends conf 777823612 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
