msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 125770928 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 955731804
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 955731804 originConf 125770928
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073203774 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 702551516 that extends conf 1073203774 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 586019530 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336283146 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1997714578 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1138558410 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1136894105
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1136894105 originConf 1138558410
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1882306883 that extends conf 1136894105 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1490564593 that extends conf 1136894105 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 496846741 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 662704729 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1166377790 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1732411817 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1285528923 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218984175 that extends conf 955731804 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1971979596 that extends conf 1136894105 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094336288 that extends conf 1136894105 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
