msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417301556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1150058854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1150058854 originConf 417301556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651100072 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266093632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1266093632 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704869156 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1366212088
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1366212088 originConf 704869156
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10885570 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1773336805 that extends conf 10885570 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862347028 that extends conf 1366212088 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208589082 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2118201107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 2118201107 originConf 208589082
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598657679 that extends conf 2118201107 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 208589082
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 208589082 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 894166118
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1116044395 that extends conf 894166118 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413052787 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 91620208
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 91620208 originConf 413052787
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21595910 that extends conf 91620208 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set with conf 413052787
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 413052787 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1145768267
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1084067816 that extends conf 1145768267 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
