msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1664165134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300528434
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300528434 originConf 1664165134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13643661 that extends conf 1792088662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 45643137 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 123674777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 123674777 originConf 45643137
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367594377 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385784873 that extends conf 1367594377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117460541 that extends conf 123674777 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1607020784 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 92941132
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 92941132 originConf 1607020784
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901700557 that extends conf 92941132 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1901700557
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1335256857 that extends conf 1901700557 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1701514263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1826696192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1826696192 originConf 1701514263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1117213774 that extends conf 1826696192 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 1701514263
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1701514263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 707462706
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1339014747 that extends conf 707462706 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
