msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 806511723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823914581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 823914581 originConf 806511723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20111564 that extends conf 823914581 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1404834600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1404834600 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1801878707 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1689717017
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.2 uniqueConf 1689717017 originConf 1801878707
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1850301256 that extends conf 1689717017 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 161938368 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 501650218
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 501650218 originConf 161938368
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109175108 that extends conf 501650218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1854577712 that extends conf 109175108 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713129148 that extends conf 501650218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1325147644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60221145
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.3 uniqueConf 60221145 originConf 1325147644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429462130 that extends conf 60221145 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 971256592 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1141811719
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1141811719 originConf 971256592
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2090589929 that extends conf 1141811719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604990529 that extends conf 2090589929 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2071522666 that extends conf 1141811719 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-rc 0
