msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 914507705 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1106681476
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1106681476 originConf 914507705
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 21422054 that extends conf 1106681476 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1125509551 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1109461985
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1109461985 originConf 1125509551
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1778028150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 515036017
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 515036017 originConf 1778028150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 693417450 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448782465 that extends conf 693417450 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005762793 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613424566 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596376940 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 173115411 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1137935956
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1137935956 originConf 173115411
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013332834 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1565647145 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1257703748 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1372150180 that extends conf 1257703748 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 640161448 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 6267452 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1434932926
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1434932926 originConf 6267452
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881309779 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441014857 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240641494 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607458416 that extends conf 240641494 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685407505 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1109461985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1517105378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1517105378 originConf 1109461985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 189970261 that extends conf 1517105378 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865579180 that extends conf 189970261 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845760645 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 636953520 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908435478 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52642932 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1564473433 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 886510498 that extends conf 515036017 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266894813 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082640380 that extends conf 1372150180 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654228203 that extends conf 1137935956 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008934993 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 36205461 that extends conf 1607458416 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 228904713 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
