msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477533894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885922916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1885922916 originConf 477533894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597328335 that extends conf 1885922916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008547236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 300811000
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 300811000 originConf 2008547236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1133227388 that extends conf 300811000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424497441 that extends conf 1133227388 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187120217 that extends conf 300811000 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930319715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1920321355 originConf 1930319715
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1810970264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 419792179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 419792179 originConf 1810970264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861329337 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666040998 that extends conf 1861329337 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688113407 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378327915 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011912080 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 19467337 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788582153
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1788582153 originConf 19467337
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183701566 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913386579 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323706655 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556263022 that extends conf 1323706655 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070438137 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187146208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 110233108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 110233108 originConf 1187146208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2259527 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121573248 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842463725 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423491597 that extends conf 1842463725 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146318308 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1920321355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 83534488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 83534488 originConf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483635512 that extends conf 83534488 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1959498637 that extends conf 483635512 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193492784 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584694804 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176376157 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491762195 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917190676 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27294710 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400216879 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123492724 that extends conf 556263022 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713365029 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298259383 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988637661 that extends conf 1423491597 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370361462 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 590699971 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1694139775
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1694139775 originConf 590699971
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839732582 that extends conf 1694139775 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1839732582
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 932340803 that extends conf 1839732582 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 463637429 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1084950645
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 1084950645 originConf 463637429
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 146489561 that extends conf 1084950645 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 146489561
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000655797 that extends conf 146489561 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913747312 that extends conf 378327915 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1200513722 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2035219595
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 2035219595 originConf 1200513722
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554106372 that extends conf 378327915 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1622883658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 751382109
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 751382109 originConf 1622883658
msx-rc 1
