msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443384617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037764568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2037764568 originConf 443384617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192672907 that extends conf 2037764568 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1094199074 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2008229299
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2008229299 originConf 1094199074
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 2008229299 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732688777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1201614274 originConf 732688777
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 256139608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 229329107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 229329107 originConf 256139608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936931778 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276777344 that extends conf 936931778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378327915 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202653598 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136011184 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831875736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806121021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1806121021 originConf 1831875736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388623360 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566760932 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916897446 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070438137 that extends conf 916897446 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110233108 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830669823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 271502370
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 271502370 originConf 1830669823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650410100 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013613908 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213383793 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008619427 that extends conf 213383793 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912790599 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1201614274 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1088649990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1088649990 originConf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933224408 that extends conf 1088649990 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 155719146 that extends conf 1933224408 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983834017 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864210792 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457352442 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844264574 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115296438 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254358847 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710491273 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840737335 that extends conf 2070438137 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124581953 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000802630 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977972728 that extends conf 2008619427 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399550388 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1299711295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 803457973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 803457973 originConf 1299711295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574583435 that extends conf 803457973 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 574583435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 862600655 that extends conf 574583435 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1999860467 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 888115963
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 888115963 originConf 1999860467
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385855117 that extends conf 888115963 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1385855117
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 396393794 that extends conf 1385855117 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1879335228 that extends conf 1202653598 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541961661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 556318159
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 556318159 originConf 1541961661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1402552491 that extends conf 1202653598 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1677042719 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 159370223
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 159370223 originConf 1677042719
msx-rc 1
