msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 878598679 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1779914089
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1779914089 originConf 878598679
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 828088650 that extends conf 1502079282 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538511917 that extends conf 1779914089 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 991242536 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1773336805
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1773336805 originConf 991242536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598434875 that extends conf 1773336805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2088969892 that extends conf 1598434875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 824900551 that extends conf 1773336805 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2068100669 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1702478809
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1702478809 originConf 2068100669
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 471004142 that extends conf 1702478809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1395173825 that extends conf 471004142 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1871678080 that extends conf 1702478809 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 905650857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1562090557
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1562090557 originConf 905650857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1776312161 that extends conf 1562090557 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1776312161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235381529 that extends conf 1776312161 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2040891191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 25209079
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 25209079 originConf 2040891191
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019513279 that extends conf 25209079 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 2040891191
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 2040891191 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2147231425
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067787481 that extends conf 2147231425 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
