msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732688777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1201614274 originConf 732688777
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 256139608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 229329107
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 229329107 originConf 256139608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936931778 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276777344 that extends conf 936931778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378327915 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202653598 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 136011184 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1831875736 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1806121021
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1806121021 originConf 1831875736
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 388623360 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566760932 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 916897446 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070438137 that extends conf 916897446 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110233108 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1830669823 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 271502370
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 271502370 originConf 1830669823
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650410100 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013613908 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213383793 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008619427 that extends conf 213383793 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912790599 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1201614274 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1088649990
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1088649990 originConf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933224408 that extends conf 1088649990 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10423022 that extends conf 1933224408 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983834017 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 864210792 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1457352442 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844264574 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115296438 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 254358847 that extends conf 229329107 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710491273 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840737335 that extends conf 2070438137 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 124581953 that extends conf 1806121021 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2000802630 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 977972728 that extends conf 2008619427 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1399550388 that extends conf 271502370 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
