msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1813666644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 442125849
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 442125849 originConf 1813666644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1814827909 that extends conf 442125849 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 24334184 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1090695601
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1090695601 originConf 24334184
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623051334 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 953528583 that extends conf 623051334 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1316001196 that extends conf 1090695601 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930319715 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1920321355 originConf 1930319715
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1810970264 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 419792179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 419792179 originConf 1810970264
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861329337 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 666040998 that extends conf 1861329337 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 688113407 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378327915 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011912080 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 19467337 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1788582153
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1788582153 originConf 19467337
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1183701566 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1913386579 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323706655 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556263022 that extends conf 1323706655 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070438137 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1187146208 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 110233108
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 110233108 originConf 1187146208
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2259527 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2121573248 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842463725 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423491597 that extends conf 1842463725 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1146318308 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1920321355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 83534488
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 83534488 originConf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483635512 that extends conf 83534488 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2111815832 that extends conf 483635512 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193492784 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 584694804 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176376157 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491762195 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917190676 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 27294710 that extends conf 419792179 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 400216879 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2123492724 that extends conf 556263022 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713365029 that extends conf 1788582153 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298259383 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988637661 that extends conf 1423491597 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 370361462 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 223400773 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 965491361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 965491361 originConf 223400773
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 852298798 that extends conf 965491361 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 852298798
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006358 that extends conf 852298798 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1065485393 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1579163239
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 1579163239 originConf 1065485393
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1019838845 that extends conf 1579163239 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1019838845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 509916018 that extends conf 1019838845 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540731533 that extends conf 378327915 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1154969508 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595972927
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1595972927 originConf 1154969508
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333653844 that extends conf 378327915 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1882334359 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1526034470
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1526034470 originConf 1882334359
msx-rc 1
