msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1335256857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 413946856
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 413946856 originConf 1335256857
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1776312161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1286134778
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1286134778 originConf 1776312161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056277810 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010546406 that extends conf 2056277810 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907178890 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 638580151 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41633258 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1338065644 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 884111637
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 884111637 originConf 1338065644
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377212248 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574746715 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083969860 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110233108 that extends conf 2083969860 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 271502370 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 641980258 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1677976140
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1677976140 originConf 641980258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198515856 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 650859015 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356519935 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1898773347 that extends conf 356519935 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 358847552 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 413946856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1503546689
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1503546689 originConf 413946856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 848102479 that extends conf 1503546689 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625967316 that extends conf 848102479 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 976725249 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2099348779 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188647125 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 737852016 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 876487258 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227644740 that extends conf 1286134778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2141094945 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1131673199 that extends conf 110233108 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201324747 that extends conf 884111637 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604257989 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1603114855 that extends conf 1898773347 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1738396212 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 12047049 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1338254975
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1338254975 originConf 12047049
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069821905 that extends conf 1338254975 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1069821905
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622669681 that extends conf 1069821905 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697916808 that extends conf 638580151 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 146615716 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 131909255
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 131909255 originConf 146615716
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187106289 that extends conf 638580151 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 172648042 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 770984796
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 770984796 originConf 172648042
msx-rc 1
