msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477533894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885922916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1885922916 originConf 477533894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597328335 that extends conf 1885922916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008547236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638249646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1638249646 originConf 2008547236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1920321355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 419792179
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 419792179 originConf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697463019 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1125509551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1125509551 originConf 697463019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606272155 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680365850 that extends conf 1606272155 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1638864144 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227381657 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760020675 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788582153 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440332016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1440332016 originConf 1788582153
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428664849 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 906741317 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 721671471 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304718519 that extends conf 721671471 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1626800713 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 110233108 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1617550648
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1617550648 originConf 110233108
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 156855528 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842463725 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581364120 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1264966132 that extends conf 581364120 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1607458416 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419792179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 483635512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 483635512 originConf 419792179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 354154358 that extends conf 483635512 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750236491 that extends conf 354154358 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 643328884 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879706537 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132659602 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861616277 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 716951769 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276002922 that extends conf 1125509551 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2036949810 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947437179 that extends conf 304718519 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 118887511 that extends conf 1440332016 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575779772 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058708051 that extends conf 1264966132 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1655740181 that extends conf 1617550648 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 149052735 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 491738374
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 491738374 originConf 149052735
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132048949 that extends conf 491738374 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 132048949
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1342725532 that extends conf 132048949 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 101528781 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 399578356
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 399578356 originConf 101528781
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823150935 that extends conf 399578356 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1823150935
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425499796 that extends conf 1823150935 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 982420956 that extends conf 227381657 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1117781865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 578396858
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 578396858 originConf 1117781865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1303505504 that extends conf 227381657 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1166704105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1972212026
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1972212026 originConf 1166704105
msx-rc 1
