msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417301556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1150058854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1150058854 originConf 417301556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651100072 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1266093632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1266093632 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547116051 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574573264 that extends conf 1547116051 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 1266093632 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1482344533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1052399527
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1052399527 originConf 1482344533
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 928734079 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168870325 that extends conf 928734079 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13643661 that extends conf 1052399527 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1934496558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2117184210
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 2117184210 originConf 1934496558
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1546892692 that extends conf 2117184210 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 1934496558
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1934496558 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1998121028
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67939151 that extends conf 1998121028 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1046084358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 953779630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 953779630 originConf 1046084358
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021707885 that extends conf 953779630 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set with conf 1046084358
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1046084358 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2045022101
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1020752689 that extends conf 2045022101 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
