msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 806511723 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 823914581
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 823914581 originConf 806511723
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20111564 that extends conf 823914581 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1130551263 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1404834600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1404834600 originConf 1130551263
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177101170 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999036805 that extends conf 1177101170 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1404834600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 56667665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 319041084
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 319041084 originConf 56667665
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083252417 that extends conf 319041084 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 56667665
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 56667665 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 114576985
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 882111857 that extends conf 114576985 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1920746865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 698870193
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 698870193 originConf 1920746865
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 764962909 that extends conf 698870193 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set with conf 1920746865
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1920746865 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1754981258
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1329921247 that extends conf 1754981258 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
