msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1436633036 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 605052357
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 605052357 originConf 1436633036
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795326519 that extends conf 605052357 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1112758237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 254955665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 254955665 originConf 1112758237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769598893 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1158124724 that extends conf 1769598893 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1365711624 that extends conf 254955665 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1773336805 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2082678778
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 2082678778 originConf 1773336805
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1919576980 that extends conf 2082678778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 419280591 that extends conf 1919576980 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896708863 that extends conf 2082678778 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2021601975 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 533698361
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 533698361 originConf 2021601975
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1531545666 that extends conf 533698361 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1531545666
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 560041895 that extends conf 1531545666 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 432258954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2133388932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 2133388932 originConf 432258954
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907304317 that extends conf 2133388932 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 432258954
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 432258954 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 919014848
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 237209938 that extends conf 919014848 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1872684365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 699399435
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.2 uniqueConf 699399435 originConf 1872684365
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 391976502 that extends conf 699399435 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set with conf 1872684365
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1872684365 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1409007433
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546697957 that extends conf 1409007433 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1590367933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 167687228
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.3 uniqueConf 167687228 originConf 1590367933
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511990427 that extends conf 167687228 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.3 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set with conf 1590367933
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1590367933 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1988437097
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 493769994 that extends conf 1988437097 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 204102661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 900166240
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.4 uniqueConf 900166240 originConf 204102661
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 296466366 that extends conf 900166240 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.4 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set with conf 204102661
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 204102661 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1910849757
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689435813 that extends conf 1910849757 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1210455330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1475222625
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 uniqueConf 1475222625 originConf 1210455330
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128297336 that extends conf 1475222625 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:ReduceTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:ReduceTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set with conf 1210455330
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 1210455330 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1440077211
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 781486982 that extends conf 1440077211 into componenet mapreduce:ReduceTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
