msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477533894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885922916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1885922916 originConf 477533894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597328335 that extends conf 1885922916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2008547236 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1638249646
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1638249646 originConf 2008547236
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1340051218 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716551994 that extends conf 1340051218 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 622772003 that extends conf 1638249646 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1109461985 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 515036017
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 515036017 originConf 1109461985
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 199041063 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 732688777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 732688777 originConf 199041063
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1254827280 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711483066 that extends conf 1254827280 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1083086553 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 281896787 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250702170 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1137935956 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1966480630
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1966480630 originConf 1137935956
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349872758 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891974590 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 891715540 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338229093 that extends conf 891715540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520082748 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1434932926 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1127434428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1127434428 originConf 1434932926
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1673604690 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 240641494 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845137754 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301653294 that extends conf 1845137754 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008619427 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515036017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 189970261
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 189970261 originConf 515036017
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168398198 that extends conf 189970261 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1379501903 that extends conf 168398198 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645777794 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252069894 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 645717550 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1662824745 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 851116146 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917156101 that extends conf 732688777 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1323996324 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831285461 that extends conf 1338229093 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065587797 that extends conf 1966480630 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366008009 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398428044 that extends conf 1301653294 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26741311 that extends conf 1127434428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 911201454 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1167066016
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1167066016 originConf 911201454
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221402392 that extends conf 1167066016 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 221402392
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210486508 that extends conf 221402392 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 960020464 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 815349011 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240749301
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1240749301 originConf 815349011
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 963131683 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 153474984 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1111828951
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1111828951 originConf 153474984
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768331408 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1496534131 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1698440215
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.3 uniqueConf 1698440215 originConf 1496534131
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2033368309 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1887144181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 427215842
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.4 uniqueConf 427215842 originConf 1887144181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503301239 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592208106 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188393499 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1921162057 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 822153241
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.5 uniqueConf 822153241 originConf 1921162057
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1742637258 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2112984519 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1768083520
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.6 uniqueConf 1768083520 originConf 2112984519
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688894553 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528874914 that extends conf 281896787 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
