msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 477533894 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1885922916
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1885922916 originConf 477533894
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1597328335 that extends conf 1885922916 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1967432164 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1353759820
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1353759820 originConf 1967432164
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153448497 that extends conf 1353759820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502079282 that extends conf 153448497 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 319426406 that extends conf 1353759820 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 277697988 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1412612727
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1412612727 originConf 277697988
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1110148152 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 367066629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 367066629 originConf 1110148152
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 614335089 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677329142 that extends conf 614335089 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728924984 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 562345204 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934223763 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 81907268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1763872389
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1763872389 originConf 81907268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119277260 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508720236 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237743088 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703040426 that extends conf 1237743088 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401792389 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2134195609 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1179244298
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1179244298 originConf 2134195609
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 6267452 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143999341 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906335777 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1182492749 that extends conf 1906335777 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825071442 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1412612727 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 778484786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 778484786 originConf 1412612727
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423491597 that extends conf 778484786 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469323211 that extends conf 1423491597 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 558913557 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096842550 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269853881 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 62610667 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061552777 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909367224 that extends conf 367066629 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573719263 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 907080311 that extends conf 1703040426 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1337289706 that extends conf 1763872389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1278226232 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2057104863 that extends conf 1182492749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1614992995 that extends conf 1179244298 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713204150 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 898655932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 898655932 originConf 1713204150
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 945683299 that extends conf 898655932 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 945683299
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1836017760 that extends conf 945683299 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1740848622 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 384951973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 384951973 originConf 1740848622
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1029418145 that extends conf 384951973 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1029418145
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1682900768 that extends conf 1029418145 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003863007 that extends conf 562345204 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 142003744 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 9841652
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 9841652 originConf 142003744
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664777133 that extends conf 562345204 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 174752701 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 349254770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 349254770 originConf 174752701
msx-rc 1
