msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1005696654 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1917038455
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1917038455 originConf 1005696654
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 985642648 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887817588 that extends conf 985642648 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529904261 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 804392210 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1030487242 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 286524513 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1195451178
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1195451178 originConf 286524513
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1451011259 that extends conf 1195451178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 983358491 that extends conf 1195451178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1601525959 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 377519988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 377519988 originConf 1601525959
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305759869 that extends conf 377519988 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1235921538 that extends conf 377519988 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690258530 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 436736904 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574884153 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018572830 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 866288067 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507155194 that extends conf 1917038455 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161175680 that extends conf 1195451178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1608283384 that extends conf 1195451178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1764025324 that extends conf 377519988 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1832012125 that extends conf 377519988 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 765724550 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1741028969
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1741028969 originConf 765724550
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1896663371 that extends conf 1741028969 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1787824776 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 973587416
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 973587416 originConf 1787824776
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1413886406 that extends conf 973587416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 536798121 that extends conf 1413886406 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890918478 that extends conf 973587416 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
