msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1908043086 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1908043086 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795326519 that extends conf 1908043086 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 2108440536 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 2108440536 originConf 2108440536
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1248276879 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809860628 that extends conf 1248276879 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291651850 that extends conf 2108440536 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 229329107 is unique for registering as mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 229329107 originConf 229329107
msx-confcontroller originConf 1347294617 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1347294617 originConf 1347294617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 936931778 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 276777344 that extends conf 936931778 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378327915 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1202653598 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1880052106 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1735962278 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1735962278 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 81907268
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 81907268 originConf 1735962278
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064315206 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198450099 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1216611732 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 901852282 that extends conf 1216611732 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1351247295 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 599316979 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 599316979 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 2134195609
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 2134195609 originConf 599316979
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617550648 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1576499395 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143999341 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1846307450 that extends conf 143999341 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075074394 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 229329107 is shared with component mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1, let clone and return new conf 2040452328
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 2040452328 originConf 229329107
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778484786 that extends conf 2040452328 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044147012 that extends conf 778484786 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827710791 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1917513667 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1767674765 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 263495647 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 270313690 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 547973118 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1079733621 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1739806152 that extends conf 901852282 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806640599 that extends conf 81907268 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116606935 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 72423389 that extends conf 1846307450 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479691423 that extends conf 2134195609 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293108580 that extends conf 1347294617 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
