msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 783191662 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 405896924
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 405896924 originConf 783191662
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067925017 that extends conf 405896924 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443502884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 443502884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1664165134 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1300528434
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1300528434 originConf 1664165134
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1792088662 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13643661 that extends conf 1792088662 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 763236610 that extends conf 1300528434 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 704894556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1715657818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1715657818 originConf 704894556
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1935870377 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71148574
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 71148574 originConf 1935870377
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428527783 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 730584984 that extends conf 1428527783 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2144496344 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428664849 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1799521220 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 811792884 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 538375433
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 538375433 originConf 811792884
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707892422 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 213383793 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1389984438 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1729958231 that extends conf 1389984438 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1003663195 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 376601584 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 797224183
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 797224183 originConf 376601584
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1991075605 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033304734 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995381766 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1043535321 that extends conf 995381766 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961232715 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1715657818 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1139915666
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1139915666 originConf 1715657818
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835777333 that extends conf 1139915666 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1313008843 that extends conf 1835777333 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765880900 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067586671 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319778140 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061552777 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 453940999 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1530977859 that extends conf 71148574 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 283492252 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227080339 that extends conf 1729958231 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874901958 that extends conf 538375433 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593271165 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837237183 that extends conf 1043535321 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1762260670 that extends conf 797224183 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096433514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1496332643
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1496332643 originConf 1096433514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1642619282 that extends conf 1496332643 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1642619282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140650516 that extends conf 1642619282 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096433514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2100728289
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 2100728289 originConf 1096433514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184965604 that extends conf 2100728289 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1184965604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153180745 that extends conf 1184965604 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1096433514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1014135205
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.3 uniqueConf 1014135205 originConf 1096433514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 736874772 that extends conf 1014135205 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.3 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 736874772
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 188193734 that extends conf 736874772 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67137523 that extends conf 1428664849 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 898338922 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1182162786
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1182162786 originConf 898338922
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478206697 that extends conf 1428664849 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 718301028 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 71313914
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 71313914 originConf 718301028
msx-rc 1
