msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 204568533 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1995986600
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1995986600 originConf 204568533
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 419792179 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2089104518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2089104518 originConf 419792179
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922486271 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684220724 that extends conf 922486271 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333085360 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 832322085 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353296011 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1577353545 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2044272973
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 2044272973 originConf 1577353545
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218654115 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 810353241 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309191417 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1434932926 that extends conf 1309191417 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623757508 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1320826684 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1987707214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1987707214 originConf 1320826684
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71209097 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 511357840 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650299186 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 303805531 that extends conf 1650299186 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483635512 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1995986600 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 74735260
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 74735260 originConf 1995986600
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791412502 that extends conf 74735260 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088061146 that extends conf 791412502 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 387201851 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513128019 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1292784864 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1290795133 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1899938605 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 248705782 that extends conf 2089104518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1040537707 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992235960 that extends conf 1434932926 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1086017415 that extends conf 2044272973 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 988637661 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042366725 that extends conf 303805531 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161332079 that extends conf 1987707214 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-rc 0
