msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1200385230 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 570703777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 570703777 originConf 1200385230
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1286566231 that extends conf 570703777 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1055912399 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1695901275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1695901275 originConf 1055912399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1338828927 that extends conf 1695901275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 183081257 that extends conf 1338828927 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396112596 that extends conf 1695901275 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1056963880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1653313364
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1653313364 originConf 1056963880
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 630600190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1904395895
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1904395895 originConf 630600190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1909439160 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 548325454 that extends conf 1909439160 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457334387 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347104801 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1253688770 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 986824754 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228765837
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1228765837 originConf 986824754
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 284325336 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546659369 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646519212 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113981092 that extends conf 646519212 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2097490898 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1653313364 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 173770890
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 173770890 originConf 1653313364
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825340024 that extends conf 173770890 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1024449880 that extends conf 1825340024 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 887816983 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334234133 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663960983 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847180772 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1866833107 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414195557 that extends conf 1904395895 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1947423047 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 490298105 that extends conf 113981092 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272677717 that extends conf 1228765837 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 935353923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 618512450
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 618512450 originConf 935353923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929196689 that extends conf 618512450 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 929196689
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2087488437 that extends conf 929196689 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727497144 that extends conf 347104801 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1121902514 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 352891851
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 352891851 originConf 1121902514
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 571310742 that extends conf 347104801 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
