msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1095088856 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1342346098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1342346098 originConf 1095088856
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 689602108 that extends conf 1342346098 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1365790282 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1240412896
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1240412896 originConf 1365790282
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 670084377 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544628437 that extends conf 670084377 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1627496281 that extends conf 1240412896 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1760763936 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 1083803390 originConf 1760763936
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1335256857 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 430983166
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 430983166 originConf 1335256857
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1901945192 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078741622 that extends conf 1901945192 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485179287 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 41633258 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794940817 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1548962651 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 60187547
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 60187547 originConf 1548962651
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1765350920 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 987015126 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521270862 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677976140 that extends conf 521270862 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653553574 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1083803390 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 892093608
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 892093608 originConf 1083803390
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058127492 that extends conf 892093608 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173133825 that extends conf 2058127492 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1368128912 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1400324426 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98459285 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 269853881 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428089645 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589745212 that extends conf 430983166 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261925632 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661728387 that extends conf 1677976140 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067588937 that extends conf 60187547 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 217911413 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1069436988
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1069436988 originConf 217911413
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008934993 that extends conf 1069436988 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1008934993
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731406622 that extends conf 1008934993 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161269512 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 639441261 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 203061120
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 203061120 originConf 639441261
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109841247 that extends conf 41633258 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
