msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 443384617 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2037764568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 2037764568 originConf 443384617
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192672907 that extends conf 2037764568 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 322830747 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 322830747
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 515036017 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 732688777
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServerWrapper.1 uniqueConf 732688777 originConf 515036017
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 837946527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1201614274
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1201614274 originConf 837946527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078517710 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 204354148 that extends conf 2078517710 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1502616653 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1907178890 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485179287 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1966480630 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1831875736
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1831875736 originConf 1966480630
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 950729555 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 412410893 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3768050 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278986288 that extends conf 3768050 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1187146208 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1127434428 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1830669823
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1830669823 originConf 1127434428
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566042862 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1845137754 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2013613908 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685407505 that extends conf 2013613908 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1445225850 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 732688777 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 168398198
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 168398198 originConf 732688777
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1088649990 that extends conf 168398198 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 469323211 that extends conf 1088649990 into componenet mapreduce:JobHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134237170 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620989914 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1025566069 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1181889508 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 143239336 that extends conf 1201614274 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083004088 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1291486201 that extends conf 278986288 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1276991949 that extends conf 1831875736 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984832924 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955875766 that extends conf 685407505 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744190758 that extends conf 1830669823 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 947403257 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 714286659
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 714286659 originConf 947403257
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398629657 that extends conf 714286659 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1398629657
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 250751658 that extends conf 1398629657 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2132479095 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 934006669
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.2 uniqueConf 934006669 originConf 2132479095
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050778585 that extends conf 934006669 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.2 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 2050778585
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929743085 that extends conf 2050778585 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 980394941 that extends conf 1907178890 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 523842286 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1770805469
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.1 uniqueConf 1770805469 originConf 523842286
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017302266 that extends conf 1907178890 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 577980918 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1168362998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ContainerLocalizer.2 uniqueConf 1168362998 originConf 577980918
msx-rc 1
