msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1908043086 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1365767549
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1365767549 originConf 1908043086
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409598930 that extends conf 1365767549 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 553821397 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1132369181
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1132369181 originConf 553821397
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1517116047 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 658281599 that extends conf 1517116047 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 22040992 that extends conf 1132369181 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1682619279 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1031775150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 1031775150 originConf 1682619279
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1073051173 that extends conf 1031775150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 1073051173 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719182854 that extends conf 1031775150 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1123166613 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1833335943
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.3 uniqueConf 1833335943 originConf 1123166613
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1747721875 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160106451 that extends conf 1747721875 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906549136 that extends conf 1833335943 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: originConf is null
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1920321355 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1004219512
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:JobClient.1 uniqueConf 1004219512 originConf 1920321355
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684615718 that extends conf 1004219512 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: registered component mapreduce:JobClient.1 is being registered with already-exisiting conf 1684615718
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477463877 that extends conf 1684615718 into componenet mapreduce:JobClient.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 678177224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1564667695
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1564667695 originConf 678177224
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1485377828 that extends conf 1564667695 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 678177224
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 678177224 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1800591635
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 564361409 that extends conf 1800591635 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 1
