msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 417301556 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1150058854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1150058854 originConf 417301556
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 651100072 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 788048067 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1780399359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1780399359 originConf 788048067
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917935693 that extends conf 1780399359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3886839 that extends conf 917935693 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203048480 that extends conf 1780399359 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1788034018 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 51376124
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.2 uniqueConf 51376124 originConf 1788034018
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684429600 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440472115 that extends conf 684429600 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 102052782 that extends conf 51376124 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 532590001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1118069551
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent mapreduce:MapTask.1 uniqueConf 1118069551 originConf 532590001
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 286570720 that extends conf 1118069551 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1 is being registered with a different group mapreduce:MapTaskRun
msx-confcontroller WARN: try to add registered component mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set with conf 532590001
msx-confcontroller ERROR: no matter conf 532590001 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1635540014
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10544693 that extends conf 1635540014 into componenet mapreduce:MapTask.1's conf set
msx-rc 0
