hadoop.ssl.client.conf yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 ssl-client.xml
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 TLSv1,SSLv2Hello,TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2
hadoop.ssl.enabled.protocols yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 [Ljava.lang.String;@22f31dec
hadoop.ssl.keystores.factory.class yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 class
hadoop.ssl.keystores.factory.class yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 org.apache.hadoop.security.ssl.FileBasedKeyStoresFactory
hadoop.ssl.require.client.cert yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 false
org.apache.hadoop.security.ssl.FileBasedKeyStoresFactory yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 class
yarn.http.policy yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 HTTP_ONLY
yarn.http.policy yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 HTTPS_ONLY
yarn.timeline-service.client.max-retries yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 30
yarn.timeline-service.client.retry-interval-ms yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 1000
yarn.timeline-service.enabled yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 true
yarn.timeline-service.enabled yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 true
yarn.timeline-service.hostname yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 0.0.0.0
yarn.timeline-service.hostname yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 0.0.0.0
yarn.timeline-service.version yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 1.0
yarn.timeline-service.version yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 1.0
yarn.timeline-service.version yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 1.0f
yarn.timeline-service.versions yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 null
yarn.timeline-service.versions yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 null
yarn.timeline-service.webapp.address yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 0.0.0.0:8188
yarn.timeline-service.webapp.https.address yarn:TimelineClientImpl.2 0.0.0.0:8190
