dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testComplexDirActions hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testGetFileStatusRoot hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryNonrecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesEmptyDirectoryRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFileRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListFilesNoDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListLocatedStatusFiltering hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFilteredNoDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusFiltering hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testListStatusNoDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractGetFileStatus#testLocatedStatusNoDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.TestRouterHDFSContractSetTimes#testSetTimesNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendMissingTarget hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testBuilderAppendToExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractAppend#testRenameFileBeingAppended hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatEmptyFiles hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatFileOnFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatMissingTarget hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractConcat#testConcatOnSelf hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsEventuallyVisible hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsImmediatelyVisible hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreatedFileIsVisibleOnFlush hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateFileOverExistingFileNoOverwrite hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateMakesParentDirs hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testCreateNewFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testFileStatusBlocksizeNonEmptyFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractCreate#testOverwriteNonEmptyDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteDeepEmptyDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonEmptyDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteNonexistentPathRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractDelete#testDeleteSingleFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testCreateDirWithExistingDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirOverParentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkDirRmRfDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsDoesNotRemoveParentDirectories hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirSlashHandling hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testMkdirsPopulatingAllNonexistentAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractMkdir#testNoMkdirOverFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testFsIsEncrypted hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenFileTwice hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadDirWithChild hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testOpenReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractOpen#testSequentialRead hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameDirIntoExistingDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileNonexistentDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameFileOverExistingFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNewFileSameDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameNonexistentFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesDirectoryAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenamePopulatesFileAncestors hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRename#testRenameWithNonEmptySubDir hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testCreateFileOverRoot hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testListEmptyRootDirectory hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testMkDirDepth1 hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRecursiveRootListing hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmEmptyRootDirRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmNonEmptyRootDirNonRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testRmRootRecursive hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractRootDirectory#testSimpleRootListing hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testBlockReadZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testNegativeSeek hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testPositionedBulkReadDoesntChangePosition hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testRandomSeeks hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadAtExactEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyPastEOFZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullySmallFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroBytebufferPastEOF hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadFullyZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadNullBuffer hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testReadSmallFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekAndReadPastEndOfFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekBigFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekPastEndOfFileThenReseekAndRead hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekReadClosedFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.fs.contract.router.web.TestRouterWebHDFSContractSeek#testSeekZeroByteFile hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouterNamenodeMonitoring#testNamenodeMonitoring hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestRouter#testRouterService hdfs:Router
dfs.federation.router.monitor.localnamenode.enable hdfs org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.federation.router.TestSafeMode#testProxySetSafemode hdfs:Router
