mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.terasort.TestTeraSort#testTeraSort mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMean mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheMedian mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.examples.TestWordStats#testGetTheStandardDeviation mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.slive.TestSlive#testMRFlow mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testAppend mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadBackward mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testReadSkip mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testRead mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestDFSIO#testTruncate mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.fs.TestFileSystem#testFs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateAndRename mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestNNBench#testNNBenchCreateReadAndDelete mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.jobcontrol.TestLocalJobControl#testLocalJobControlDataCopy mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.join.TestDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.aggregate.TestAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestChainMapReduce#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.lib.TestMultithreadedMapRunner#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.CombinerTest#testWordCountCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.LargeKVCombinerTest#testLargeValueCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.combinertest.OldAPICombinerTest#testWordCountCombinerWithOldAPI mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testGzipCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.compresstest.CompressTest#testLz4Compress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.nativetask.nonsorttest.NonSortTest#nonSortTest mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestCollect#testCollect mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testAllUserComparators mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testDefaultMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserMRComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestComparators#testUserValueGroupingComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJavaSerialization#testWriteToSequencefile mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testNewCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterA mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterB mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testOldCounterC mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobArchivesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobEncryptedIntermediateData mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobFilesOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalJobSubmission#testLocalJobLibjarsOption mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalModeWithNewApis#testNewApis mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLocalMRNotification#testMR mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapOutputType#testNoMismatch mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testBiggerInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testCompression mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testNullKeys mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMapRed#testSmallInput mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRWithDistributedCache#testLocalJobRunner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestOldCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReporter#testReporterProgressForMRJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestUserDefinedCounters#testMapReduceJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.aggregate.TestMapReduceAggregates#testAggregates mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testChainReduceNoOuptut mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestChainErrors#testReducerFail mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestMapReduceChain#testChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.chain.TestSingleElementChain#testNoChain mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.db.TestDataDrivenDBInputFormat#testDateSplits mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.fieldsel.TestMRFieldSelection#testFieldSelection mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testCustomRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestLineRecordReaderJobs#testDefaultRecordDelimiters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TestMultipleInputs#testDoMultipleInputs mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testControlledJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControl mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithFailJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.jobcontrol.TestMapReduceJobControl#testJobControlWithKillJob mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testEmptyJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleInnerJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOuterJoin mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.join.TestJoinDatamerge#testSimpleOverride mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.map.TestMultithreadedMapper#testOKRun mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestMRMultipleOutputs#testWithoutCounters mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.partition.TestMRKeyFieldBasedComparator#testBasicUnixComparator mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testEmptyMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMapOneReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testMultiMaps mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiParallelReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLocalRunner#testOneMapMultiReduce mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecConcurrent mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLargeRecords mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testLowSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testPostSpillMeta mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandomCompress mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testRandom mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSingleRecord mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSpillPer2B mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testSplitMetaSpill mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testValLastByte mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapCollection#testZeroVal mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testJobSuccessCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapperReducerCleanup#testReduceCleanup mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduce#testMapred mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMROutputFormat#testJobSubmission mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestNewCombinerGrouping#testCombiner mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestValueIterReset#testValueIterReset mapreduce:ReduceTask
mapreduce.reduce.shuffle.fetch.retry.enabled hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.mapreduce.TestStreamXmlRecordReader#testStreamXmlRecordReader mapreduce:ReduceTask
