mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:NodeManager
mapreduce.shuffle.transferTo.allowed hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:NodeManager
