mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.conf.TestNoDefaultsJobConf#testNoDefaults yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.ipc.TestMRCJCSocketFactory#testSocketFactory yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testDFSRestart yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduceRestarting yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMapReduce yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMapReduceTestCase#testMRConfig yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestClusterMRNotification#testMR yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCleanup#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testHeapUsageCounter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobCounters#testMaxCounter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobName#testComplexNameWithRegex yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestJobSysDirWithDFS#testWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMerge#testMerge yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRBringup#testBringUp yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskEnv yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRChildTask#testTaskOldEnv yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testClassPath yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClasspath#testExternalWritable yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRClientCluster#testRestart yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testDistinctUsers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers#testMultipleSpills yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleMapsPerNode yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testSingleReducer yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRIntermediateDataEncryption#testUberMode yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testAllOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMROpportunisticMaps#testHalfOpportunisticMaps yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testGetJobStatus yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testJobQueueClient yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestNetworkedJob#testNetworkedJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromDisk yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromMem yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestReduceFetch#testReduceFromPartialMem yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath#testJobWithDFS yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testCustomCleanup yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TestJobOutputCommitter#testDefaultCleanupAndAbort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.ssl.TestEncryptedShuffle#encryptedShuffleWithoutClientCerts yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testBinaryTokenFile yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestBinaryTokenFile#testTokenCacheFile yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.security.TestMRCredentials#test yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestChild#testChild yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestLargeSort#testLargeSort yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMapReduceLazyOutput#testLazyOutput yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobClient yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.TestMRJobClient#testJobSubmissionSpecsAndFiles yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#__testCurrentUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#___testInvalidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMiniMRProxyUser#testValidProxyUser yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAMWithNonNormalizedCapabilities#testJobWithNonNormalizedCapabilities yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRAppWithCombiner#testCombinerShouldUpdateTheReporter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobs#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithHistoryService#testJobHistoryData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDefaultProfiler yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMRJobsWithProfiler#testDifferentProfilers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobFail yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestMROldApiJobs#testJobSucceed yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestNonExistentJob#testGetInvalidJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfoMissmatch yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestRMNMInfo#testRMNMInfo yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestSpeculativeExecution#testSpeculativeExecution yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testContainerRollingLog yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testDistributedCacheWithWildcards yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testFailingMapper yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloader yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobClassloaderWithCustomClasses yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testJobWithChangePriority yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testRandomWriter yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSharedCache yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobName yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJob yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalIndividualResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceCheckAndRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceNumberOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceSizeOverLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithLocalResourceUnderLimit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithMultipleReducers yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testSleepJobWithRemoteJar yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.TestUberAM#testThreadDumpOnTaskTimeout yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulationConfigurability yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testDistCacheEmulator yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestDistCacheEmulation#testSetupGenerateDistCacheData yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testMain yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestGridmixSubmission#testTraceReader yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestLoadJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testMapTasksOnlySleepJobs yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testRandomLocation yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testReplaySubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testSerialSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.mapred.gridmix.TestSleepJob#testStressSubmit yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestMultipleCachefiles#testMultipleCachefiles yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.streaming.TestSymLink#testSymLink yarn:ResourceManager
mapreduce.jobhistory.minicluster.fixed.ports hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.tools.TestDistCh#testDistCh yarn:ResourceManager
