yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByReservationId[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testListReservationsByTimeInterval[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testCreateReservation yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByInvalidTimeInterval yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByReservationId yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByTimeIntervalContainingNoReservations yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testListReservationsByTimeInterval yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testReservationDelete yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestClientRMService#testUpdateReservation yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicQueueRecovery[CAPACITY] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestWorkPreservingRMRestart#testDynamicQueueRecovery[FAIR] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testDeleteReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyEndTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyQueueRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testEmptyStartTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testExcludeResourceAllocations[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testFailedSubmitReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testIncludeResourceAllocations[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidEndTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidReservationIdRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidStartTimeRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testInvalidTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testNonExistentQueueRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testQueueOnlyRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testReservationIdRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSameTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDifferentReservationWithSameId[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitDuplicateReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testSubmitReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testTimeIntervalRequestListReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[2] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[3] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[4] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[5] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[6] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.webapp.TestRMWebServicesReservation#testUpdateReservation[7] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulator[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulator[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulatorWithNodeLabels[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.appmaster.TestAMSimulator#testAMSimulatorWithNodeLabels[1] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.nodemanager.TestNMSimulator#testNMSimulator[0] yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.acl.reservation-enable hadoop-tools org.apache.hadoop.yarn.sls.nodemanager.TestNMSimulator#testNMSimulator[1] yarn:ResourceManager
