yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDebugFlag yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithIllegalArguments yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellAMResourcesWithMissingArgumentValue yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellNonExistentQueue yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellResourceProfiles yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResources yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDistributedShellWithResourcesWithLargeContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalFailed yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSAttemptFailuresValidityIntervalSucess yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSRestartWithPreviousRunningContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithCustomLogPropertyFile yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomain yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithEnforceExecutionType yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithInvalidArgs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithMultipleArgs yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithOpportunisticContainers yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomain yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV1_5 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2CustomizedFlow yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2DefaultFlow yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithoutDomainV2 yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSShellWithShellScript yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testDSTimelineClientWithConnectionRefuse yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDistributedShell#testSpecifyingLogAggregationContext yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithAllocationTagNamespace yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDistributedShellWithPlacementConstraint yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.applications.distributedshell.TestDSWithMultipleNodeManager#testDSShellWithNodeLabelExpression yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testFilterOverrides yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testHostedUIs yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testLaunch yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testLaunchWithArguments yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.applicationhistoryservice.TestApplicationHistoryServer#testStartStopServer yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingNoService yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingV1Enabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingV1V2Enabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestCombinedSystemMetricsPublisher#testTimelineServiceEventPublishingV2Enabled yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestSystemMetricsPublisher#testPublishAppAttemptMetricsForUnmanagedAM yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestSystemMetricsPublisher#testPublishAppAttemptMetrics yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestSystemMetricsPublisher#testPublishApplicationMetrics yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestSystemMetricsPublisher#testPublishContainerMetrics yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.metrics.TestSystemMetricsPublisher#testPublishHostPortInfoOnContainerFinished yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testDelegationTokenOperations[0] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testDelegationTokenOperations[1] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testPutDomains[0] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testPutDomains[1] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testPutTimelineEntities[0] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.security.TestTimelineAuthenticationFilterForV1#testPutTimelineEntities[1] yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderServer#testStartStopServer yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testAbout yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetAppAttempts yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetAppAttempt yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetContainers yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetContainer yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesBasedOnCreatedTime yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByConfigFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByEventFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByInfoFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByMetricFilters yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesByRelations yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesNoMatch yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntities yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntitiesWithLimit yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntityAllFields yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntityCustomFields yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntityDefaultView yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntityNotPresent yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testGetEntityWithUserAndFlowInfo yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testHealthCheck yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testInvalidValuesHandling yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timelineservice.reader.TestTimelineReaderWebServices#testQueryWithoutCluster yarn:TimelineReaderServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled yarn org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.timeline.webapp.TestTimelineWebServicesWithSSL#testPutEntities yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMapreduceJobTimelineServiceEnabled yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRNewTimelineServiceEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapred.TestMRTimelineEventHandling#testMRTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
yarn.timeline-service.http-cross-origin.enabled mapreduce org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.jobhistory.TestJobHistoryEventHandler#testTimelineEventHandling yarn:ResourceManager
