dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 true get
dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 true getBoolean
dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 true getTrimmed
dfs.ha.automatic-failover.enabled.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 shell(true) get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.fencing.methods.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.namenodes.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 [nn1, nn2] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.ha.namenodes.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 nn1,nn2 get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 8019 get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 8019 getInt
dfs.ha.zkfc.port hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 8019 getTrimmed
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.ha.zkfc.port.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.dnrpc-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.backup.http-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.dir.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.checkpoint.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.http-bind-host.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.https-bind-host.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.internal.spnego.principal.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1  get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.kerberos.principal.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.lifeline.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.name.dir.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 1.2.3.1:12345 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 1.2.3.2:12345 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 1.2.3.1:12345 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 1.2.3.2:12345 get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.rpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.http-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.secondary.https-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-address.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.servicerpc-bind-host.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.namenode.shared.edits.dir.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.nameservice.id hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 ns1 get
dfs.nameservices hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 [ns1] getTrimmedStringCollection
dfs.nameservices hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 ns1 get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn1 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
dfs.secondary.namenode.keytab.file.ns1.nn2 hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null get
ha.failover-controller.cli-check.rpc-timeout.ms hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 20000 get
ha.failover-controller.cli-check.rpc-timeout.ms hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 20000 getInt
ha.failover-controller.cli-check.rpc-timeout.ms hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 20000 getTrimmed
org.apache.hadoop.mapred.JobConf hdfs:DFSHAAdmin.1 null getClassByNameOrNull
