msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider#testFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 516322205 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518382359
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1518382359 originConf 516322205
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1302598855 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261353446 that extends conf 1302598855 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420122614 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1851748566 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244681612 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 924429071 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 539496276
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 539496276 originConf 924429071
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 707354165 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1727411886 that extends conf 707354165 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1935137112 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601879780 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 856038676 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1405313287 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 578035742
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 578035742 originConf 1405313287
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2067565872 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1966122024 that extends conf 2067565872 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274622153 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1596639453 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444789414 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272658507 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467909603 that extends conf 272658507 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1656872666 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1878683977 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504737461 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1818310536 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929247200 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542221795 that extends conf 1518382359 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195884220 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 245464913 that extends conf 195884220 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 893446755 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1149153988 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1695887746 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1537220086 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140646651 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516957976 that extends conf 2140646651 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1231302787 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 480350060 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149238191 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211848180 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1097970621 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1509729952 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 520320158 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274760793 that extends conf 520320158 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911031282 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 834738802 that extends conf 578035742 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 839149047 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 922410040 that extends conf 539496276 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider#testFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider#testFederationRMFailoverProxyProvider
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
