msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestHedgingRequestRMFailoverProxyProvider#testHedgingRequestProxyProvider
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1058634310 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1668016508
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1668016508 originConf 1058634310
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539690370 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949298838 that extends conf 539690370 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605851606 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1072377306 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 76659128 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1899600175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1766869737
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1766869737 originConf 1899600175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473981203 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551629761 that extends conf 1473981203 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113604623 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107915280 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 307829448 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1518331471
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 1518331471 originConf 307829448
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1041109062 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1351478315 that extends conf 1041109062 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237912220 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993370665 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1236444285 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1541525668
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.4 uniqueConf 1541525668 originConf 1236444285
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100440237 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2017797638 that extends conf 2100440237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 549293029 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613784740 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1624972302 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 418958713 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1042306518
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.5 uniqueConf 1042306518 originConf 418958713
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1358343316 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2133655103 that extends conf 1358343316 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948810915 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 735937428 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 787122337 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270836494 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842853283 that extends conf 1270836494 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1112456099 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1048332309 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995381766 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2055276126 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864572141 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1078834804 that extends conf 1668016508 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258010306 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 934636231 that extends conf 1258010306 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 275609562 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 153950082 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768797728 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1768471788 that extends conf 1766869737 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1357597228 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775488894 that extends conf 1357597228 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355222677 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1110095671 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1409513883 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 60055669 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1215456927 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1036257977 that extends conf 1215456927 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 334300782 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1191464829 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994084545 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1427892726 that extends conf 1541525668 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799692219 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1403325194 that extends conf 799692219 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1511319053 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 823223069 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71871969 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2096860824 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794417881 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 699600761 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 171011947 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1310147631 that extends conf 171011947 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1514431685 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2058762296 that extends conf 1042306518 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 194477975 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1162914380 that extends conf 1518331471 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestHedgingRequestRMFailoverProxyProvider#testHedgingRequestProxyProvider
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestHedgingRequestRMFailoverProxyProvider#testHedgingRequestProxyProvider
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
