msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359953204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2014838114
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2014838114 originConf 1359953204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479920916 that extends conf 1367937032 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697752980 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26970580 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084559714 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2133344792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081769770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1081769770 originConf 2133344792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916700921 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230955136 that extends conf 1916700921 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601687801 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144040807 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414967210 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 481511146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1275143523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1275143523 originConf 481511146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463355115 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449605932 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325465767 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677458155 that extends conf 1325465767 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056234595 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1127434428 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1611618052 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1480816641 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386478079 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505635448 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 318020776 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1444500451 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1228589267 that extends conf 1444500451 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 813932100 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1728554175 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 539682927 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1508750581 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006166872 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 840042838 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089858999 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479161446 that extends conf 2089858999 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309934743 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833420622 that extends conf 1309934743 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629378585 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942631655 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516384232 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275580924 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726759945 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1641970063 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1459150485 that extends conf 1641970063 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954007077 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799003076 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 559103718 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 596561260 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334513300 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetClusterMetricsOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
