msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359953204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2014838114
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2014838114 originConf 1359953204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 798310141 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161322357 that extends conf 798310141 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996125997 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1270836494 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 542980314 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1081769770 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1319483139
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1319483139 originConf 1081769770
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594873248 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336001042 that extends conf 1594873248 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1178587240 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455501890 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1720891078 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1275143523 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 346359559
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 346359559 originConf 1275143523
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1201466784 that extends conf 346359559 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664186542 that extends conf 346359559 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1021258849 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613627715 that extends conf 1021258849 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558395480 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830669823 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621014131 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794489296 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555864569 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157624710 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534350140 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145023109 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333180318 that extends conf 1145023109 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595362770 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070057268 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428468422 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663925782 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669132924 that extends conf 346359559 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769339676 that extends conf 346359559 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568215509 that extends conf 346359559 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429007847 that extends conf 1568215509 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1309934743 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 833420622 that extends conf 1309934743 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629378585 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942631655 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1516384232 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275580924 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1726759945 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444350791 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1137729894 that extends conf 444350791 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208746081 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 238667080 that extends conf 1319483139 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 404822567 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 3316755 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017120933 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetContainerReportOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
