msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1617550160 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1922464006
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1922464006 originConf 1617550160
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128132589 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333392524 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 515809288 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 381708767 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766911337 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1594873248 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1692885405
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1692885405 originConf 1594873248
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1750286943 that extends conf 1692885405 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209429254 that extends conf 1692885405 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1816756435 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 846974653
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 846974653 originConf 1816756435
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1329315688 that extends conf 846974653 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1741786839 that extends conf 846974653 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671590089 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1948863514 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1928983164 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729375394 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267098351 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224473864 that extends conf 1922464006 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173070089 that extends conf 1692885405 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1001946422 that extends conf 1692885405 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 846974653 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 846974653 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
