msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 485041780 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 350068407
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 350068407 originConf 485041780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837457281 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809300666 that extends conf 837457281 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113748097 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307829448 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 304354378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704106237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 704106237 originConf 304354378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455501890 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1664598529 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 684822005 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 154449611
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 154449611 originConf 684822005
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1558103808 that extends conf 154449611 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380812044 that extends conf 154449611 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 846918683 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1823923917
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1823923917 originConf 846918683
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209411469 that extends conf 1823923917 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810923540 that extends conf 1823923917 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175371136 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050291306 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892093608 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 46852536 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1244211620 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1385966234 that extends conf 350068407 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350395050 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 818010696 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793483510 that extends conf 154449611 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 218688965 that extends conf 154449611 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 244668763 that extends conf 1823923917 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2026873444 that extends conf 1823923917 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488613421 that extends conf 1571798597 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testPromotionFromAcquired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
