msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1589043426 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1595719716
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1595719716 originConf 1589043426
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 449969948 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569764044 that extends conf 449969948 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272166264 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 553523391 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1577108331 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2070662295 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1464103217
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1464103217 originConf 2070662295
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1361996777 that extends conf 1464103217 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325239500 that extends conf 1464103217 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 500550608 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 454070326
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 454070326 originConf 500550608
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477585099 that extends conf 454070326 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 195449555 that extends conf 454070326 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1564679527 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 165125998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 165125998 originConf 1564679527
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 315492448 that extends conf 165125998 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 301446015 that extends conf 165125998 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 288114949 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1609234154 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1161333175 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1479068204 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 867939243 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83909275 that extends conf 1595719716 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 540915901 that extends conf 1464103217 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 272953224 that extends conf 1464103217 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243469661 that extends conf 454070326 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1452305588 that extends conf 454070326 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 789204089 that extends conf 165125998 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869309640 that extends conf 165125998 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 988563447 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1888217717
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1888217717 originConf 988563447
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348006486 that extends conf 1888217717 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1946739832 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1822647311
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1822647311 originConf 1946739832
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118190292 that extends conf 1822647311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1678457456 that extends conf 2118190292 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 437846413 that extends conf 1822647311 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682052045 that extends conf 553523391 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.Exception: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
        at sun.nio.ch.msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceWithPlacementPolicy
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
