msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRemovalGracefully
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1024429571 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 494586676
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 494586676 originConf 1024429571
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 336371513 that extends conf 494586676 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879583678 that extends conf 336371513 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 890545344 that extends conf 494586676 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929383713 that extends conf 494586676 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341138954 that extends conf 494586676 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1839337592 that extends conf 494586676 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 36657658 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1481818223
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1481818223 originConf 36657658
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193388045 that extends conf 1481818223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 122155649 that extends conf 193388045 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949684105 that extends conf 1481818223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1200470358 that extends conf 1481818223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1164799006 that extends conf 1481818223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795242171 that extends conf 1481818223 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 38544126 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859236022
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 859236022 originConf 38544126
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2073640037 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864116663 that extends conf 2073640037 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258112787 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892335322 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 455501890 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1731656333 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 473524237 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 129498568
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.4 uniqueConf 129498568 originConf 473524237
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1869039062 that extends conf 129498568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332757905 that extends conf 1869039062 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 69329761 that extends conf 129498568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 949767857 that extends conf 129498568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 114818087 that extends conf 129498568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1760670079 that extends conf 129498568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRemovalGracefully
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestResourceTrackerService#testNodeRemovalGracefully
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
