msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testResourceTypes
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 379638384 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 334975149
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 334975149 originConf 379638384
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1115861968 that extends conf 334975149 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 933302384 that extends conf 1115861968 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 170117312 that extends conf 334975149 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1481485286 that extends conf 334975149 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710733500 that extends conf 334975149 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551863416 that extends conf 334975149 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1217668371 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 516729759
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 516729759 originConf 1217668371
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529264784 that extends conf 516729759 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1015233131 that extends conf 529264784 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1503504519 that extends conf 516729759 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754697950 that extends conf 516729759 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494814255 that extends conf 516729759 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364688298 that extends conf 516729759 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2064948271 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1205750138
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 1205750138 originConf 2064948271
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259539060 that extends conf 1205750138 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 13484013 that extends conf 1205750138 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1044672029 that extends conf 1205750138 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1341937039 that extends conf 1205750138 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1223918989 that extends conf 1205750138 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1795799895 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1342116438
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.4 uniqueConf 1342116438 originConf 1795799895
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1222241975 that extends conf 1342116438 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675858039 that extends conf 1342116438 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 203432763 that extends conf 1342116438 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1272393650 that extends conf 1342116438 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.4's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testResourceTypes
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.TestApplicationMasterService#testResourceTypes
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
