msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 485041780 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 485041780 originConf 485041780
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837457281 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809300666 that extends conf 837457281 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113748097 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 575935098 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 106999035 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 106999035 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1569754439
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1569754439 originConf 106999035
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258112787 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2085745483 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872973138 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1872973138 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1465346452
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1465346452 originConf 1872973138
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 665698670 that extends conf 1465346452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1311844206 that extends conf 1465346452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443721024 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 443721024 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 668312960
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 668312960 originConf 443721024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823923917 that extends conf 668312960 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 464400749 that extends conf 668312960 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 979291363 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 925908754 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653553574 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1562912969 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130656047 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461001437 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488422671 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1263455953 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184166964 that extends conf 1465346452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1849602253 that extends conf 1465346452 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625539182 that extends conf 668312960 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625321341 that extends conf 668312960 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541749557 that extends conf 1571798597 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885991030 that extends conf 485041780 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testOpportunisticAllocation
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
