msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 3213500 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 3213500 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944798106 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391624125 that extends conf 1944798106 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179792105 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304354378 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343812839 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 343812839 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1150058854
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1150058854 originConf 343812839
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1934932165 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828873985 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1661210650 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1661210650 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1366342900
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1366342900 originConf 1661210650
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380812044 that extends conf 1366342900 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534755892 that extends conf 1366342900 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548081008 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1548081008 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 753321708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 753321708 originConf 1548081008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1142347343 that extends conf 753321708 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1520387953 that extends conf 753321708 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1280429864 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658273453 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1906335777 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1154481189 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649848324 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266554246 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1204030294 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1412752396 that extends conf 1150058854 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177903557 that extends conf 1366342900 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 592248663 that extends conf 1366342900 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 107632469 that extends conf 753321708 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1007550632 that extends conf 753321708 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476232970 that extends conf 257459516 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861012132 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1617759245 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1160206483 that extends conf 1617759245 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824745367 that extends conf 1617759245 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 528532236 that extends conf 1617759245 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946815310 that extends conf 1617759245 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613280495 that extends conf 257459516 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerPromotion[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
