msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1604125387 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1604125387 originConf 1604125387
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363560175 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 1363560175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038522556 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304354378 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704106237 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1150058854 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1150058854 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1148255190
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1148255190 originConf 1150058854
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 551016187 that extends conf 1148255190 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 1148255190 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366342900 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1366342900 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 672313607
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 672313607 originConf 1366342900
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846918683 that extends conf 672313607 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1548081008 that extends conf 672313607 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 753321708 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 753321708 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 464400749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 464400749 originConf 753321708
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810923540 that extends conf 464400749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 674019271 that extends conf 464400749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1771421544 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504634946 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 135003590 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 708222484 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266554246 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016625178 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1258527853 that extends conf 1148255190 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 994632067 that extends conf 1148255190 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1704979234 that extends conf 672313607 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1585776625 that extends conf 672313607 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1998224723 that extends conf 464400749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409007038 that extends conf 464400749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307307550 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1722460760 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1017005807 that extends conf 1604125387 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243878762 that extends conf 1017005807 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1716899911 that extends conf 1017005807 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723715035 that extends conf 1017005807 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 895715920 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
