msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1226204845 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1226204845 originConf 1226204845
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415565467 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 440736059 that extends conf 415565467 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087072654 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173791568 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293462056 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1475192960 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1475192960 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 727197178
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 727197178 originConf 1475192960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 173738886 that extends conf 727197178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 52913970 that extends conf 727197178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1541433310 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1541433310 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1938025186
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1938025186 originConf 1541433310
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 771923297 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403598020 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119242936 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1119242936 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 2123914473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 2123914473 originConf 1119242936
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153933106 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 754527431 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 521342639 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1710641643 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 814300680 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062831184 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1708084589 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 457245448 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259065345 that extends conf 727197178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 378227888 that extends conf 727197178 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330143761 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1843324431 that extends conf 1938025186 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 134271077 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871550938 that extends conf 2123914473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 672869885 is unique for registering as hdfs:NameNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 672869885 originConf 672869885
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824225917 that extends conf 672869885 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller originConf 786116491 is unique for registering as hdfs:DataNode
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 786116491 originConf 786116491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134505351 that extends conf 786116491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072701904 that extends conf 1134505351 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793575862 that extends conf 786116491 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733205059 that extends conf 173791568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1606886748 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1890686675 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 66853567 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 242945004 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798217138 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 671963778 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 744918058 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1775434506 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1842068297 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892508677 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116512665 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 800496743 that extends conf 173791568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1749376821 that extends conf 173791568 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 715027790 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1835105031 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873224160 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 326781780 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1943699208 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 704205426 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 209011713 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 83812683 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298045999 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2106535660 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 243821743 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 30770683 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411362929 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 477643715 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1364765175 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089747578 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154985037 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 227843012 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887041776 that extends conf 1226204845 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.component.TestComponentDecommissionInstances#testDecommissionInstances
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
