msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1944798106 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1391624125 that extends conf 1944798106 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1179792105 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 257459516 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332873513 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 549293029 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1930240356
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1930240356 originConf 549293029
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1107985860 that extends conf 1930240356 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428696898 that extends conf 1930240356 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987360300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 434610528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 434610528 originConf 1987360300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91323447 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940445711 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356840024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1142347343 originConf 1356840024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858204589 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332691311 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327871893 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277437206 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581364120 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 496751834 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141783782 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765880900 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267098351 that extends conf 1930240356 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552133633 that extends conf 1930240356 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241128308 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252069894 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873002645 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624545052 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1488103113 that extends conf 257459516 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 360803786 that extends conf 257459516 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 900679181 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1273508180
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1273508180 originConf 900679181
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1751279009 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1798935076 that extends conf 1751279009 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275234486 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 799235565 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 746809701 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1325115256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1309157894
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 1309157894 originConf 1325115256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877061907 that extends conf 1309157894 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 508883530 that extends conf 1309157894 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1442447256 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1716912867
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1716912867 originConf 1442447256
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1557582609 that extends conf 1716912867 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1243984356 that extends conf 1716912867 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1558332566 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 607742175
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 607742175 originConf 1558332566
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 863797971 that extends conf 607742175 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153635305 that extends conf 607742175 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887064033 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 309941047 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 468988100 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 127401584 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 806967028 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1087115295 that extends conf 1273508180 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631015275 that extends conf 1309157894 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709112787 that extends conf 1309157894 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697349382 that extends conf 1716912867 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 958746960 that extends conf 1716912867 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120532204 that extends conf 607742175 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 217148677 that extends conf 607742175 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642865654 that extends conf 799235565 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
