msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2014838114 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 136936250
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 136936250 originConf 2014838114
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 258535644 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1237912220 that extends conf 258535644 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1578587450 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 817299424 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766911337 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1319483139 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 44559647
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 44559647 originConf 1319483139
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1692885405 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1856158867 that extends conf 1692885405 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144040807 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050462663 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 483797427 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 346359559 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1297189682
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1297189682 originConf 346359559
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1829217853 that extends conf 1297189682 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 189207010 that extends conf 1297189682 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 330128595 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738677855 that extends conf 330128595 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2023917549 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2146654783 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579140143 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187990827 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 403094604 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1929506494 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1153329578 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1104820974 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 45320991 that extends conf 1104820974 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168942230 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1175146719 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 273531298 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2043889470 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 752060661 that extends conf 1297189682 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847141861 that extends conf 1297189682 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510518916 that extends conf 1297189682 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353841915 that extends conf 1510518916 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728526866 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1317052417 that extends conf 728526866 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1942631655 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591063329 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307046074 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1384323699 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864122136 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100494555 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 373742343 that extends conf 1100494555 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2098903316 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1505343729 that extends conf 44559647 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2077495519 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989655482 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006160334 that extends conf 136936250 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testRenewDelegationTokenOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
