msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1250121181 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113748097 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 307829448 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 304354378 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 704106237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 704106237 originConf 304354378
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1696263571 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491273700 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62343880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665698670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 665698670 originConf 62343880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823923917 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208684473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261748192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 261748192 originConf 208684473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006751649 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33233312 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632071960 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793808700 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706655559 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859604881 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989321301 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1117747481 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064528406 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069163325 that extends conf 704106237 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825496893 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278891646 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752220610 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 53301881 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 176308353 that extends conf 1571798597 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1350250080 that extends conf 1571798597 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1679589604 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1063948270
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1063948270 originConf 1679589604
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1941857676 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1600590035 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 140842340 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 779679677 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1758240897 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1770947473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 1770947473 originConf 1758240897
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1912486074 that extends conf 1770947473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1538449677 that extends conf 1770947473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1712796579 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1228765494
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1228765494 originConf 1712796579
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 231723202 that extends conf 1228765494 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 472731831 that extends conf 1228765494 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 362435059 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 971709418
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 971709418 originConf 362435059
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2022805359 that extends conf 971709418 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1591574495 that extends conf 971709418 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 850368688 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397698784 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2072770769 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1861797055 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2110780619 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1430036629 that extends conf 1063948270 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434449726 that extends conf 1770947473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157052310 that extends conf 1770947473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2126901159 that extends conf 1228765494 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1396794067 that extends conf 1228765494 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117476189 that extends conf 971709418 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1587015686 that extends conf 971709418 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1450794444 that extends conf 140842340 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
