msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 697633218 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1414165011
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1414165011 originConf 697633218
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 966853507 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48650108 that extends conf 966853507 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 395596846 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192335436 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2011321533 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1395471499 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1215346632
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1215346632 originConf 1395471499
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 423495912 that extends conf 1215346632 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1542738749 that extends conf 1215346632 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 239641333 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415944732 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1496362302 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1653939704 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56019957 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1447139735 that extends conf 1414165011 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 593101999 that extends conf 1215346632 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1504158818 that extends conf 1215346632 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2045953342 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 559244694
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 559244694 originConf 2045953342
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1217372944 that extends conf 559244694 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 120524327 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 197651663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 197651663 originConf 120524327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1791468687 that extends conf 197651663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 382730948 that extends conf 1791468687 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1659172685 that extends conf 197651663 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 604833483 that extends conf 1192335436 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877823947 that extends conf 1192335436 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.Exception: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
    msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testCreateServiceSameNameDifferentUser
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
