msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363560175 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 1363560175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038522556 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304354378 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90567568 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930240356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 613784740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 613784740 originConf 1930240356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473524237 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581267786 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 434610528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713833639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1713833639 originConf 434610528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110053477 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356840024 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1142347343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1810923540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1810923540 originConf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976752685 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999230073 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874028013 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428469551 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441014857 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80052821 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047000562 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86506638 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985280051 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761577728 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728370857 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082524624 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 16374741 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049913002 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1582895521
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1582895521 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149436796 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49179838 that extends conf 149436796 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041981725 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 879452876 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1573101171 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1045721542 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 365216663
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 365216663 originConf 1045721542
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574312672 that extends conf 365216663 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2006716658 that extends conf 365216663 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1281720873 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1875360044
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1875360044 originConf 1281720873
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 607907265 that extends conf 1875360044 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740510555 that extends conf 1875360044 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 892100337 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1212519032
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 1212519032 originConf 892100337
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1536961095 that extends conf 1212519032 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551105320 that extends conf 1212519032 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 869500977 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1210698043 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1547220940 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1551496239 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461251419 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 51698856 that extends conf 1582895521 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2018397416 that extends conf 365216663 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 337491027 that extends conf 365216663 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 255686112 that extends conf 1875360044 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1377406559 that extends conf 1875360044 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 889383423 that extends conf 1212519032 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1068639945 that extends conf 1212519032 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430845720 that extends conf 879452876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1487505090 that extends conf 879452876 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
