msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 249717026 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1605416150
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1605416150 originConf 249717026
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1908705766 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1366772096 that extends conf 1908705766 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230922011 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 359508380 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 298415728 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1669127268 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1514475098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1514475098 originConf 1669127268
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 167537964 that extends conf 1514475098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1238484826 that extends conf 1514475098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1888463194 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79747466 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278987845 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1382650058 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327362693 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672148772 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581275271 that extends conf 1514475098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 410636785 that extends conf 1514475098 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1449823799 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 293550050
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 293550050 originConf 1449823799
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1561674865 that extends conf 293550050 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 88363399 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1346119184
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1346119184 originConf 88363399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 123223593 that extends conf 1346119184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2124948174 that extends conf 123223593 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1495639946 that extends conf 1346119184 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 745781465 that extends conf 359508380 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393861060 that extends conf 359508380 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1348600955 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1437154573 that extends conf 1605416150 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.Exception: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
        at io.netty.utmsx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestCleanupAfterKill#testRegistryCleanedOnLifetimeExceeded
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
