msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783568981 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 347978868 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 257459516 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 304354378
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 304354378 originConf 257459516
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119072377 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831654622 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1439632660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62343880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 62343880 originConf 1439632660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828873985 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846918683 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1823923917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208684473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 208684473 originConf 1823923917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076984738 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932332324 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962266146 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2050291306 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622912252 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2007004340 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 117052390 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147545255 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1016625178 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1199894489 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313334570 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 836449498 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753113235 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1406018450 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 65683770 that extends conf 1825719826 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1946128941 that extends conf 1825719826 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1736016098
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1736016098 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 386859117 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1680982483 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 871326088 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1893923626 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 813719724 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 175331071
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 175331071 originConf 813719724
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 875834580 that extends conf 175331071 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 826424320 that extends conf 175331071 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 736321537 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1666456085
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1666456085 originConf 736321537
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 725558033 that extends conf 1666456085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 682461408 that extends conf 1666456085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1078565068 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859050932
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 859050932 originConf 1078565068
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 212900873 that extends conf 859050932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 653266400 that extends conf 859050932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1522084851 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2019840533 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444840007 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 740364028 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 608318197 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 24067641 that extends conf 1736016098 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 251926843 that extends conf 175331071 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795409743 that extends conf 175331071 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408542332 that extends conf 1666456085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 556741042 that extends conf 1666456085 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 636937888 that extends conf 859050932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 442763814 that extends conf 859050932 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 377727483 that extends conf 871326088 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 199954282 that extends conf 871326088 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
