msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 117244645 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1390869998
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1390869998 originConf 117244645
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081652693 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241529534 that extends conf 2081652693 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075952726 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 940857381 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1880078449 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 993370665
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 993370665 originConf 1880078449
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1119072377 that extends conf 993370665 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831654622 that extends conf 993370665 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1439632660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62343880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 62343880 originConf 1439632660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823923917 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208684473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261748192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 261748192 originConf 208684473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076984738 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932332324 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962266146 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053832786 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 174515584 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1872034717 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038185019 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 649848324 that extends conf 1390869998 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1622362417 that extends conf 993370665 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058994646 that extends conf 993370665 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1489099273 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2118482375 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728370857 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 57982532 that extends conf 1367937032 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestOpportunisticContainerAllocationE2E#testDemotionFromAcquired
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
