msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1325124186 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1536031937
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1536031937 originConf 1325124186
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062186835 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926673338 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394785440 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 837659261 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1865516976 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1230955136 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1336001042
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1336001042 originConf 1230955136
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 554868511 that extends conf 1336001042 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830190936 that extends conf 1336001042 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 432430300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1958680465
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1958680465 originConf 432430300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1066513687 that extends conf 1958680465 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20111564 that extends conf 1958680465 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1053967012 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 105194717 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1982216126 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1961510626 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1461322233 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066213108 that extends conf 1536031937 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1763750076 that extends conf 1336001042 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579015748 that extends conf 1336001042 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1807896178 that extends conf 1958680465 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 796168203 that extends conf 1958680465 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testUpdateReservation[FAIR]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
