msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363560175 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 1363560175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038522556 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304354378 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90567568 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930240356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 613784740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 613784740 originConf 1930240356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473524237 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581267786 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 434610528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713833639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1713833639 originConf 434610528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110053477 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356840024 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1142347343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1810923540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1810923540 originConf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976752685 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999230073 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874028013 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428469551 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441014857 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80052821 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047000562 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86506638 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985280051 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761577728 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728370857 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082524624 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881473265 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100428352 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 311794161 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 840197237
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 840197237 originConf 311794161
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1784098921 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 120651811 that extends conf 1784098921 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830448561 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1100197990 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1440548054 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1961496896 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1268454800
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 1268454800 originConf 1961496896
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261692772 that extends conf 1268454800 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095576588 that extends conf 1268454800 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 316016176 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1565911885
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1565911885 originConf 316016176
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1992905550 that extends conf 1565911885 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1212491164 that extends conf 1565911885 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1727281503 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1455570297
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 1455570297 originConf 1727281503
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598966640 that extends conf 1455570297 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1993760515 that extends conf 1455570297 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1008749274 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1420638563 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1891266373 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1620095442 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1810531194 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2122582027 that extends conf 840197237 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1287707079 that extends conf 1268454800 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246103939 that extends conf 1268454800 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 635770124 that extends conf 1565911885 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677649394 that extends conf 1565911885 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109858124 that extends conf 1455570297 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1108078119 that extends conf 1455570297 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1926018068 that extends conf 1100197990 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithSaslEncryption[0]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
