msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 1007603019 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1007603019 originConf 1007603019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892555958 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2081652693 that extends conf 892555958 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 467796378 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 947553027 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 684566052 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379303133 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 379303133 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 530486389
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 530486389 originConf 379303133
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 968113504 that extends conf 530486389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1745043985 that extends conf 530486389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 369671357 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1419166053 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 951819642 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 791412502 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1834755909 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1152554134 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 603483530 that extends conf 530486389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1887115844 that extends conf 530486389 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1007603019 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1194398327
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1194398327 originConf 1007603019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1315188449 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 50173263 that extends conf 1315188449 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 185209393 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1184166964 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2012808675 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1194398327 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.2, let clone and return new conf 1206195529
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:TimelineClientImpl.1 uniqueConf 1206195529 originConf 1194398327
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1924411652 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1924411652 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 236002428
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 236002428 originConf 1924411652
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320809135 that extends conf 236002428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044211046 that extends conf 236002428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1007603019 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1829313709
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1829313709 originConf 1007603019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 532613259 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 480498267 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1689718593 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1042366725 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 512734831 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006297128 that extends conf 1194398327 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1027646388 that extends conf 236002428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1999695752 that extends conf 236002428 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 433756475 that extends conf 1829313709 into componenet yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1007603019 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 730298964
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 730298964 originConf 1007603019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 705602706 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48589645 that extends conf 705602706 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344345219 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 343023757 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 445554393 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591678006 that extends conf 1007603019 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 591678006 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 832648870
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 832648870 originConf 591678006
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1529580934 that extends conf 832648870 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844133497 that extends conf 832648870 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1007603019 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1663271865
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.2 uniqueConf 1663271865 originConf 1007603019
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1570117874 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 424832797 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1260955583 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2020702385 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1852333676 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 202696101 that extends conf 730298964 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729401599 that extends conf 832648870 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1343365138 that extends conf 832648870 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 454185672 that extends conf 1663271865 into componenet yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.TestMiniYarnCluster#testTimelineServiceStartInMiniCluster
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
