msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1541049864 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 511707818
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 511707818 originConf 1541049864
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 352367347 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1188401255 that extends conf 352367347 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1822525972 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 504582810 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 768192757 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1815556070 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1482246673
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1482246673 originConf 1815556070
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 660339123 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 313082880 that extends conf 660339123 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634387050 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 302366050 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1077072774 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1446922577 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1632497828
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1 uniqueConf 1632497828 originConf 1446922577
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1740826931 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1422273905 that extends conf 1740826931 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 191310504 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 709841971 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954723689 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2147002844 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 253257929 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 421632334 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1510162775 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1052658892 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 719727542 that extends conf 1052658892 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1824423245 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 256084228 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 582857168 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1095731113 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1033850902 that extends conf 1632497828 into componenet yarn:ApplicationHistoryServer.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 150208546 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33847681 that extends conf 150208546 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429007847 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 353841915 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049953298 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885991030 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527969285 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1650801491 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065060597 that extends conf 1650801491 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1349912856 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 773471979 that extends conf 1482246673 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2083525337 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1063826321 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2132434729 that extends conf 511707818 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolForTimelineV2#testAllocateForTimelineV2OnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
