msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 327177752 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 327177752 originConf 327177752
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 335708295 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574877131 that extends conf 335708295 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552326679 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629454893 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075952726 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093864783 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1093864783 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 459718907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 459718907 originConf 1093864783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067599825 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130764844 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783083399 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1783083399 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 541698497
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 541698497 originConf 1783083399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550228904 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527804008 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 527804008 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 892965953
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 892965953 originConf 527804008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987360300 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920907467 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904288897 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049646260 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1124360095 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 392795843 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070372626 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1433976386 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2140396878 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1864572141 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 434167806 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379056819 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1589745212 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211827856 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1922859107 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1269938539 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1417025584 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1336229087 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363806391 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 644694752 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 844543358 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1528351526 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1534159121 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624195231 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046233259 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 995046427 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989514531 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723384033 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1782666903 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 843815996 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 152821794 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321778472 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706639339 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 589100929 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 778273304 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 676125125 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780646114 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 723809927 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698066095 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 739467122 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 672362634 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 207900401 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877867538 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203157367 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 996589900 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1774250347 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 77237168 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 544240324 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 219834355 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2010039555 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1703846857 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 293206446 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 332521759 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 529623498 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2046743220 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1753811078 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1319719822 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770007569 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463976979 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 211244359 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1321887965 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1246073844 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1953057441 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 138645493 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 186145872 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082751310 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 489960286 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252385016 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1080782825 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1497134314 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 722580541 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1625403781 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1469791572 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 546831427 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 441504885 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1933279865 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 200979940 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938307579 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 642235071 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 698083001 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 12450584 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1198835835 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 385317045 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 938344502 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 494673596 that extends conf 1269938539 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClient
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
