msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 6519275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 6519275 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711540569 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1473981203 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2113604623 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 755210740 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1569754439 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1593458942
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1593458942 originConf 1569754439
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775081157 that extends conf 1593458942 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831654622 that extends conf 1593458942 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1439632660 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 62343880
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 62343880 originConf 1439632660
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1828873985 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 846918683 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1823923917 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 208684473
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 208684473 originConf 1823923917
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1076984738 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1932332324 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1962266146 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1911600942 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675889995 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793521364 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 488422671 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 249109901 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 266554246 that extends conf 1593458942 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929856893 that extends conf 1593458942 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 379056819 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1937209374 that extends conf 62343880 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1211827856 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651795723 that extends conf 208684473 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838373294 that extends conf 2113604623 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
