msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1359953204 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 2014838114
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 2014838114 originConf 1359953204
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1367937032 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 479920916 that extends conf 1367937032 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1697752980 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 26970580 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2084559714 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2133344792 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1081769770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 1081769770 originConf 2133344792
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1916700921 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1230955136 that extends conf 1916700921 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601687801 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 144040807 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1414967210 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 481511146 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1275143523
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1275143523 originConf 481511146
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463355115 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1449605932 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1325465767 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1677458155 that extends conf 1325465767 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2056234595 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1830669823 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621014131 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1794489296 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 555864569 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1157624710 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 534350140 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1145023109 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 333180318 that extends conf 1145023109 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595362770 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1070057268 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428468422 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663925782 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 669132924 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1769339676 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1568215509 that extends conf 1275143523 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1429007847 that extends conf 1568215509 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1209741072 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1601333072 that extends conf 1209741072 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1746668262 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1301865499 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492325929 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 783130773 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 621209929 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049437177 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 675654185 that extends conf 2049437177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874249909 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1257629418 that extends conf 1081769770 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1057130605 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1827503715 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 425375506 that extends conf 2014838114 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationClientProtocolOnHA#testGetNewApplicationOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
