msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 168907708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 168907708 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 685558284 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1293677337 that extends conf 685558284 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2100440237 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566113173 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1408482749 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1275035040 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 949684105 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 333040629
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 333040629 originConf 949684105
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 831654622 that extends conf 333040629 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873993427 that extends conf 333040629 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 295485334 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1899141525
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1899141525 originConf 295485334
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 71016405 that extends conf 1899141525 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 157168588 that extends conf 1899141525 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854733477 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 7575494 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2008619427 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1691678663 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 646410842 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1423639915 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1881218549 that extends conf 333040629 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 677144856 that extends conf 333040629 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 982565180 that extends conf 1899141525 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 98459285 that extends conf 1899141525 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testReservationDelete[CAPACITY]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
