msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 3213500 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 3213500 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783568981 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1825719826 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1571798597 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954985045 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1954985045 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 106999035
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 106999035 originConf 1954985045
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 892335322 that extends conf 106999035 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 706895319 that extends conf 106999035 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634387050 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1634387050 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 1740223770
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1740223770 originConf 1634387050
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 193178046 that extends conf 1740223770 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 443721024 that extends conf 1740223770 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 668312960 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 668312960 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 428696898
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 428696898 originConf 668312960
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261748192 that extends conf 428696898 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2092801316 that extends conf 428696898 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1631119258 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 838820617 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 641980258 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177852821 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277882374 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141059550 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1130656047 that extends conf 106999035 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 224063653 that extends conf 106999035 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841421417 that extends conf 1740223770 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334675172 that extends conf 1740223770 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920926249 that extends conf 428696898 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780306540 that extends conf 428696898 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651215317 that extends conf 1825719826 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 591410700 that extends conf 3213500 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientMatchingFitInferredRack[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
