msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testRegisterApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 823723302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714078840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1714078840 originConf 823723302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147805316 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075952726 that extends conf 1147805316 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394785440 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208043846 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192923170 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074658615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 412111214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 412111214 originConf 2074658615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859236022 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766911337 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579280783 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595938139 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502838712 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332757905 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 335580595 that extends conf 1332757905 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688782916 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168776700 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139915666 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168076863 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 380234542 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1506703662 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 18928637 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 664656217 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1320248993 that extends conf 664656217 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 927557408 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2062888647 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 917190676 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1613092752 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 252864198 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 993343057 that extends conf 252864198 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1954761469 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 222927891 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 766089249 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657512321 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 955153053 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1344671755 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1203316673 that extends conf 1344671755 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 880609739 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 297631057 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 383890304 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 431295142 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 615128550 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testRegisterApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testRegisterApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
