msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 6519275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 6519275 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082309267 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128132589 that extends conf 1082309267 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518331471 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569754439 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1148255190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 366252104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 366252104 originConf 1148255190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324843695 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581267786 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 434610528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713833639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1713833639 originConf 434610528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110053477 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356840024 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1142347343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1810923540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1810923540 originConf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976752685 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999230073 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874028013 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428469551 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441014857 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80052821 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047000562 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86506638 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985280051 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761577728 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728370857 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082524624 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1605591195 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 770842660 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientNoMatchingRequests[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
