msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 106374177
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 106374177 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1363560175 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 79782883 that extends conf 1363560175 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2038522556 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 304354378 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 90567568 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1930240356 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 613784740
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 613784740 originConf 1930240356
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 473524237 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1581267786 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 434610528 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1713833639
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1713833639 originConf 434610528
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 110053477 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1356840024 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1142347343 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1810923540
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1810923540 originConf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1976752685 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 999230073 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1874028013 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1428469551 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1441014857 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 80052821 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1047000562 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 86506638 that extends conf 106374177 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1985280051 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761577728 that extends conf 613784740 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1060512053 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 67985650 that extends conf 1713833639 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728370857 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2082524624 that extends conf 1810923540 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 190044721 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1804248987 that extends conf 304354378 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 242852417
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 242852417 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1594281321 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 829717977 that extends conf 1594281321 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 713678378 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1660503834 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1972882010 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 123402266 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1855884243
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.4 uniqueConf 1855884243 originConf 123402266
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355085730 that extends conf 1855884243 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1925405204 that extends conf 1855884243 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 440924532 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1251582047
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.5 uniqueConf 1251582047 originConf 440924532
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 513027201 that extends conf 1251582047 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 198655298 that extends conf 1251582047 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 895782120 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 109999497
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.6 uniqueConf 109999497 originConf 895782120
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579446172 that extends conf 109999497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1312820775 that extends conf 109999497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 357844926 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252635488 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 55384937 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1218191521 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 794509674 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1463923776 that extends conf 242852417 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1123258064 that extends conf 1855884243 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324923325 that extends conf 1855884243 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.4's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2032993938 that extends conf 1251582047 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658030469 that extends conf 1251582047 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.5's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 413005548 that extends conf 109999497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 312257258 that extends conf 109999497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.6's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 133155159 that extends conf 1660503834 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 100261524 that extends conf 1660503834 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testGetMatchingFitWithProfiles[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
