msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1168019749 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 168907708
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 168907708 originConf 1168019749
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171802656 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 116734858 that extends conf 1171802656 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 566113173 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1330247343 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873634936 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1058876963 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 333040629 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1200470358
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1200470358 originConf 333040629
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491273700 that extends conf 1200470358 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1134013833 that extends conf 1200470358 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1899141525 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1989132530
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1989132530 originConf 1899141525
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044482328 that extends conf 1989132530 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 507819576 that extends conf 1989132530 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 15024899 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 711483066 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 912790599 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 401862395 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738590621 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1501688998 that extends conf 168907708 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 954723689 that extends conf 1200470358 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2086673744 that extends conf 1200470358 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 411408557 that extends conf 1989132530 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 809260538 that extends conf 1989132530 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestYarnClientWithReservation#testCreateReservation[CAPACITY]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
