msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713138621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1384369018
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1384369018 originConf 1713138621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 274696314 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 681101510 that extends conf 274696314 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 221747553 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176224793 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1498764057 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 440428615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 942393456
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 942393456 originConf 440428615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91922473 that extends conf 942393456 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2005088659 that extends conf 942393456 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1825918402 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1324113749
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 1324113749 originConf 1825918402
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 47985893 that extends conf 1324113749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 612316538 that extends conf 1324113749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1519128075 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1095907432
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1095907432 originConf 1519128075
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1345583382 that extends conf 1095907432 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1671046780 that extends conf 1095907432 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 908575309 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 561152836 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065575235 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 154737332 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 149818136 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1862516206 that extends conf 1384369018 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 822518722 that extends conf 942393456 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 743898114 that extends conf 942393456 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1658386990 that extends conf 1324113749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 944766039 that extends conf 1324113749 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320211068 that extends conf 1095907432 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1687038111 that extends conf 1095907432 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 902644243 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1976774190
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1976774190 originConf 902644243
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1023943061 that extends conf 1976774190 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1470196759 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1355801624
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1355801624 originConf 1470196759
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747519460 that extends conf 1355801624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 430703829 that extends conf 747519460 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 984945341 that extends conf 1355801624 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 456230958 that extends conf 1176224793 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener test Failure org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener failed
msx-listener failureMessage: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
msx-listener stackTrace: java.lang.Exception: test timed out after 200000 milliseconds
        at io.netmsx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener INFO: file existed /root/parameter_test_controller/shared/test_results/org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testComponentHealthThresholdMonitor
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 1
