msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller originConf 327177752 is unique for registering as yarn:ResourceManager
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 327177752 originConf 327177752
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 335708295 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1574877131 that extends conf 335708295 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552326679 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 629454893 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075952726 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1093864783 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1093864783 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 459718907
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 459718907 originConf 1093864783
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1067599825 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 130764844 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1783083399 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 1783083399 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 541698497
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 541698497 originConf 1783083399
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1550228904 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 527804008 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: conf 527804008 is shared with component yarn:ResourceManager.1, let clone and return new conf 892965953
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 892965953 originConf 527804008
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1987360300 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1920907467 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1904288897 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1549840544 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 623757508 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1177852821 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141059550 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2070372626 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461001437 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1675603360 that extends conf 459718907 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1841421417 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1334675172 that extends conf 541698497 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 920926249 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1780306540 that extends conf 892965953 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461309639 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2049953298 that extends conf 327177752 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 734084874 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1647131563 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 478962568 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1628659785 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2139618307 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 10362280 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 363519524 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706594253 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 726132278 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 663504938 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1271605798 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 20153551 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2109192795 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1684550641 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 444344333 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 790699381 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 446410326 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 757459460 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1032990957 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 372592213 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1690991495 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 747345737 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1634637980 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2044137013 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 500968941 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 574394517 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 728355746 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 109068626 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 847682195 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 356345768 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 963233249 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094890867 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 205377096 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1833178313 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1877552097 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 600045261 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1259315135 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2089177155 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 397244527 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 393502697 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 894814489 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 291302258 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 158130928 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1081150538 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 56563880 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859866852 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 463576546 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 697171030 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 867957451 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1629932389 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1242781431 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1477528201 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 415077104 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1657284382 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 775002176 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 929027861 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 160438456 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1012318570 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 738349067 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1407111956 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624418462 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 533694910 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 348744250 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1297232281 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1949960919 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 261626545 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885519135 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1602428481 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 613180216 that extends conf 2049953298 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestNMClient#testNMClientNoCleanupOnStop
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
