msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testFinishApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 823723302 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1714078840
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1714078840 originConf 823723302
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1147805316 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2075952726 that extends conf 1147805316 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394785440 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 208043846 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1192923170 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2074658615 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 412111214
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 412111214 originConf 2074658615
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859236022 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1766911337 that extends conf 859236022 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1579280783 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1595938139 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 502838712 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332757905 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 335580595 that extends conf 1332757905 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1688782916 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 168776700 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1139915666 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1168076863 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2137552114 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2041742635 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 49485418 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 132644461 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 366226635 that extends conf 132644461 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2094770768 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2061552777 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2009196049 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 854367376 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1470540083 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 187150864 that extends conf 1470540083 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2066533285 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1566200241 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1398479590 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1713365029 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2065587797 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1105578598 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1859908368 that extends conf 1105578598 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1113432724 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 595182564 that extends conf 412111214 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 531705163 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 341719508 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1171355636 that extends conf 1714078840 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testFinishApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.TestApplicationMasterServiceProtocolOnHA#testFinishApplicationMasterOnHA
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
