msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713138621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1686892765
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 1686892765 originConf 1713138621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 342874704 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 129372108 that extends conf 342874704 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176224793 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518397784 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1885874757 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 232007675 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1460563882
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 1460563882 originConf 232007675
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 941322914 that extends conf 1460563882 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 733881777 that extends conf 1460563882 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1156365510 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1654780479 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1424902146 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 598841488 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1010072564 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 795379184 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1724362509 that extends conf 1686892765 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 729447522 that extends conf 1460563882 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1640498893 that extends conf 1460563882 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1744278860 that extends conf 1460563882 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 54590246 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1901862408
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:NameNode.1 uniqueConf 1901862408 originConf 54590246
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 308746657 that extends conf 1901862408 into componenet hdfs:NameNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1554007491 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1761753548
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent hdfs:DataNode.1 uniqueConf 1761753548 originConf 1554007491
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1055573198 that extends conf 1761753548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1220103377 that extends conf 1055573198 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1277047864 that extends conf 1761753548 into componenet hdfs:DataNode.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2078896134 that extends conf 1518397784 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1713138621 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 859156953
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 859156953 originConf 1713138621
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1598222101 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 448990034 that extends conf 1598222101 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 113044153 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 620557634 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 761883513 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 394362143 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 461728378 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1103298567 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1176247607 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller WARN: 1toN relation, original external conf and cloned internal conf
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 590926907 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 259792721 that extends conf 859156953 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 541785959 that extends conf 620557634 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 142620449 that extends conf 620557634 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.service.TestYarnNativeServices#testRecoverComponentsAfterRMRestart
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
