msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 6519275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 6519275 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1062186835 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1197251633 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1651162064 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 350059321 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1593458942 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 530539368
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 530539368 originConf 1593458942
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1955021259 that extends conf 530539368 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 491273700 that extends conf 530539368 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 62343880 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 665698670
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 665698670 originConf 62343880
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2024415090 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1823923917 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 208684473 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 261748192
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 261748192 originConf 208684473
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1006751649 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 33233312 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 632071960 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 793808700 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1706655559 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 859604881 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 989321301 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1117747481 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1064528406 that extends conf 530539368 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1069163325 that extends conf 530539368 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 825496893 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 278891646 that extends conf 665698670 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1752220610 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 53301881 that extends conf 261748192 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 505118942 that extends conf 1651162064 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1499289447 that extends conf 1651162064 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientWithContainerDemotion[2]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
