msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMLimitUsage
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 399534175 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 415186196
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 415186196 originConf 399534175
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 694452085 that extends conf 415186196 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 717176949 that extends conf 694452085 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1813187653 that extends conf 415186196 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1471086700 that extends conf 415186196 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1806431167 that extends conf 415186196 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 2081241923 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 304820573
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.2 uniqueConf 304820573 originConf 2081241923
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 355430645 that extends conf 304820573 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 2114074785 that extends conf 355430645 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1633515035 that extends conf 304820573 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1305360421 that extends conf 304820573 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 710042508 that extends conf 304820573 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 48465197 that extends conf 304820573 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1588662081 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 799485672
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.3 uniqueConf 799485672 originConf 1588662081
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 857441755 that extends conf 799485672 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1492703447 that extends conf 857441755 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1494127902 that extends conf 799485672 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1476322866 that extends conf 799485672 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 409732663 that extends conf 799485672 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 426226047 that extends conf 799485672 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.3's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMLimitUsage
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.scheduler.capacity.TestCapacityScheduler#testAMLimitUsage
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
