msx-listener test started org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1]
msx-listener unitTestCounterInClass = 0
msx-confcontroller reconf_vvmode=none, reconf_parameter=, reconf_component=, reconf_v1=, reconf_v2=, reconf_point=0
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 3213500 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 6519275
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:ResourceManager.1 uniqueConf 6519275 originConf 3213500
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1082309267 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1128132589 that extends conf 1082309267 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1518331471 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1569754439 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1777238524 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1148255190 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 366252104
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.1 uniqueConf 366252104 originConf 1148255190
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1324843695 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 428696898 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1987360300 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 434610528
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.2 uniqueConf 434610528 originConf 1987360300
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 91323447 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1940445711 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller INFO: no matter conf 1356840024 is shared with component or not, let clone and return new conf 1142347343
msx-confcontroller registerMyComponent for comoponent yarn:NodeManager.3 uniqueConf 1142347343 originConf 1356840024
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 858204589 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1332691311 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1327871893 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 277437206 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 581364120 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 496751834 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1141783782 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 765880900 that extends conf 6519275 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 267098351 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1552133633 that extends conf 366252104 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.1's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1241128308 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 1252069894 that extends conf 434610528 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.2's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 873002645 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 624545052 that extends conf 1142347343 into componenet yarn:NodeManager.3's conf set
msx-confcontroller add extended conf 320412529 that extends conf 1569754439 into componenet yarn:ResourceManager.1's conf set
msx-listener testfinished org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1]
msx-listener writeFile testName is org.apache.hadoop.yarn.client.api.impl.TestAMRMClient#testAMRMClientOnAMRMTokenRollOver[1]
msx-listener succeed
msx-listener all testRunFinished
msx-rc 0
